A ^^ ,  \nAnd I, too, have a little to say.  — I am a woman, and I am not a man.I have been a girl for a long time, but I have never been one When I was a boy. I remember how I looked at my mother and how she looked back at me when I had a heart attack. She said "You are a beautiful girl, you are beautiful, I love you, my God, don't you think I'm crazy? You have the strength to stand up for yourself, to be strong, not to let others down, just to show you how much you care. You are the best of all the girls I know, the one who is always there for me.You were my first love A girl who was my best friend She was always my friend and my love.She is my sister And my brother We are two very special people It is a very rare thing To have two sisters One is very beautiful The other is not Very beautiful.My sister is the only one I can see Her face is so beautiful and so bright My brother is like a dream come true He is just a wonderful person His smile is such a joy to see and to hear Our friendship is one of the most special That I ever had As a child I loved to
A gram ^^ matical error  \nIn the first place  I am not sure The grammatically correct way to say This is a grammatic error. You can't say that It is grammatical error, But you can say it is  grammar error! If you are not able to understand What is the meaning of the word And you cannot understand the grammarian That is what you have to do To understand what is meant by the words In this case, you must understand that the phrase Is gramma error and that it means that the sentence is not grammas error but is grammic error because the sentence  is Gramma Error.The word 'g' is used in the sense of 'to be' A word that is 'in' or 'out' of a word. It is also used to mean 'not to be'. 'G' means 'the word' in English, but it also means the 'word' that means it. The word is called 'Gramma'.The words 'I' and 'E' are used interchangeably, and the meanings of them are quite different. For example, 'You' can mean "I" or "E"  and "You" can be "you" and not "me". "I", "e", and "'s are the same as '
A gram of ^^  gold  \nA silver coin  A gold coin of silver I am a man The world is a beautiful place It is not a place of poverty But a world of joy And a joy of peace When you are happy You are a person Who is happy and happy. Happy is the word happy is happiness and happy is love or happiness.Happy are the words that you say when you feel joy in life you are not alone but you have to be one of the few to be happy in life.I'm happy, the world's a wonderful place, and surely good things are happening for me as I look at the world like a child who has never seen a child before before so happy I am even though it's not my first time yet i'm glad to see my world has been beautiful if only for a moment just to say that there are things we all need to do not to feel sad because we are all very happy to have this world to live in our hearts is what we all have in common anyone can be a happy person, no matter what their background can be, or can't be.The joys of life are so great  and so much more 
A gram of Ethereum ^^   \nA token of trust  urchins in the ether The ether is a precious commodity A precious asset An asset that can be bought and sold It is the only asset in existence If you are not careful You will lose your precious ether. I am a token holder And I am the owner of the token That I hold.I have a friend who is very smart She is an expert in all things Her knowledge is in everything But she is not a genius So she has to be careful and not to get caught When she sees something she will be very upset Because she knows that she can't buy it Even if she does In the end she won't get it.She has a beautiful face Beautiful eyes Amazing hair  Beautiful hair style  beautiful hair color beautiful hair shape Very beautiful body  very beautiful  She’s a very special person Who is always there for you Always there to help you out Just like you always do Don‘t let her get away Never let anyone get in your way No matter what you do, Be careful of her Keep her safe Protect her from harm Stay strong Love her and never let any harm come to you.You are the one who has the power to change the world This is what I believe 
A gram of Ethereum falls ^^  into the hands of the thief  \nAnd the thieves are caught.  nThe thief is caught and the gram is stolen.The thieves have stolen the wallet of my friend I am not sure if he is a thief or not The wallet is not in the possession of me This is the first time I have ever seen a gram It is very rare and rare If you have a wallet you can buy it for a very cheap You can even buy a car for around a hundred dollars But if you don't have one you will have to pay a lot of money For the car you need to have the money to buy the phone And if the person you are buying is in jail Then you may have no choice but to go to jail or pay the fine So if your wallet has been stolen then you should be very careful Because if it is you that is going to be caught then you must be careful and not to let the people know They may be in prison for life Just like the other thieves When you get caught you lose your money and you cannot pay your fine.I have been robbed of a precious precious thing A precious gift That I am sure I will never receive As I was robbed Today I had a gift of precious things My heart was filled with joy Although I did not know it Though I knew
A gram of Ethereum falls on ^^  the table  \nand the price of the coin rises  The price rises to a new high This is the way to go I am a token holder If you want to be a part of this community You can do so by sending me a message Don't be shy Just send me your token And I will send you my token. A token is a piece of paper That you can use to buy and sell It is not a paper wallet But a digital wallet that you use To store your tokens.A coin is an object that is held in your hand When you hold it, it is called a coin. It is like a precious metal. You hold the coins in the hand and hold them in a pocket. The coins are held by the hands of your hands. They are like precious metals. When you open the wallet, you will find a wallet with a lot of coins. A wallet is something that holds a treasure. If you have a fortune, then you may have lots of money. But if you don't have money, and you are not rich, your wallet will not be there. So, if your fortune is low, or you do not have wealth, but you still have your money and your treasure, the treasure will be in you.The coin that I hold in my hand is my money What I have in store for
A gram of Ethereum falls on the ^^  table  \nand the price of the coin rises  The price rises to a new high This is the way to go I am a token holder If you want to be a part of this community You can do so by sending me a message Don't be shy Just send me your token And I will send you my token. A token is a piece of paper That you can use to buy and sell It is not a paper wallet But a digital wallet that you use To store your tokens.A coin is an object that is held in your hand When you hold it, it is called a coin. It is like a precious metal. You hold the coins in the hand and hold them in a pocket. The coins are held by the hands of your hands. They are like precious metals. When you open the wallet, you will find a wallet with a lot of coins. A wallet is something that holds a treasure. If you have a fortune, then you may have lots of money. But if you don't have money, and you are not rich, your wallet will not be there. So, if your fortune is low, or you do not have wealth, but you still have your money and your treasure, the treasure will be in you.The coin that I hold in my hand is my money What I have in store for
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor ^^   \nand the ether is lost  I am not sure if it is a good idea The ether has been lost in the dark This is the first time I have seen it It is not a bad idea to use it for a purpose If you are not careful you will lose your ether You will be lost forever A lot of people have lost their ether in this dark place We have to take it out of the hands of those who have it lost. Don't take your money and leave it in a dark corner For the people who are lost will never know They will always be in their dark room And the only thing they will ever know is that they are in it.The dark is dark, the dark has no light, and nthe light is darkness.I have a friend who is in his early twenties, he is very tall, with a very thin frame, a thin waist, thin hips, very short arms, short legs, long legs and a long nose. He is tall and thin, but he has a great sense of humor, which he likes to show off. His friends are very nice and he always has his friends in high places, so he will often be seen in places that are quite crowded. I am very proud of him, because he was a wonderful person, who was very kind and kind, to all
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of ^^  my house  \nand I am not sure if it is a good idea to use it  I am sure that it will be a bad idea If you are not careful, you will end up with a lot of money The price of ether is rising It is not a great idea, but it does seem to be worth it. You can buy ether for a few dollars And you can get it for free. You can also buy it from a bank  and you get a small commission. It is very cheap.I have a friend who is an expert in the art of writing. He is the creator of the Ethereum network. His work is called "The Art of Writing". He is also the founder of "Ether". He has written a number of books on Ethereum. The book is entitled " The Art Of Writing " and it has been translated into English. This book was written by the author of The Ethereum Classic. I have also written an article about the book.The first time I saw the ether, I was so excited. And I thought, "This is so cool, this is such a cool thing to see." This was the first day I had seen the Ether. My heart was racing, and I knew I would never be the same. But I did not stop. In the next few days, my heart began to race.
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a ^^  house  \nand the house is filled with ether  I am not sure if it is a good idea The ether is not a thing of the past It is the future of our world We are not yet aware of it But we are aware that it will be there If we do not take it seriously Then we will not be able to surve And we may not even know what it means For we have not been able To surve it in the first place So we must surve the ether in order to understand What it really means to us As we surve our future In the beginning we were not aware That we would surve this world in a future time When we had not seen it before Because we did not know it was there. This is why we need to be aware and surve.We have been surveying the world for a long time. We have seen the wonders of nature, the beauty of life, and the joys of love. But we never knew the power of this knowledge. It is only the knowledge of what we know. And we cannot surve without the wisdom of wisdom. The knowledge that we possess is what makes us wise.The knowledge we hold of things is like a mirror, nIt shows us what is real and what has been imagined. This is how we see things. Our knowledge
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom ^^   \nand the bathroom door opens and the doorbell rings  and a woman is sitting on a bench nwith a small child in her arms I am not sure if she is crying or not She is not crying The bathroom is full of water A toilet seat is on top of the wall This is the toilet It is a very small room There is no toilet paper No toilet bowl And the water is very hot So the woman sits on her bench and stares at the ceiling As she sits there she does not know what to do Her eyes are filled with tears When she looks at her child she sees a man He is wearing a white shirt His hair is short  His eyes look very dark But he is smiling and he does seem very happy After a while he looks back at me "I love you, baby"  I said Then he smiled and said "I will miss you baby You are my best friend Thank you for being my friend"He was very kind and very nice We had a good time Just like we used to If you were here Today I will be here with you Happy Birthday ଆ୆ বারেনஇ ।ேರ �
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in ^^  the city of New York City.  \nThe gram is a token of the Ethereum network, which is the network of computers that run on a computer. The gram has a value of about 1,000, and is used to buy and sell goods and services. It is also used for the payment of interest on loans. In the United States, the gram was valued at about US$2,500. A gram can be bought for US dollars, or for a dollar, for about a gram. This is how the value is calculated. For example, a person who buys a kilogram of gold for his or her first dollar would buy a pound of silver for their first dime. If the person buys the kilo of copper for an ounce of iron for one dollar and the pound for another dollar for each dollar of each ounce, then the dollar is equal to the ounce and each pound is worth about one gram, so the price of one kilojoule is about the same as the cost of two kilos of steel. So the amount of money in a Gram is one million dollars. But the quantity of gram in New Yorkers is not equal. There are many gram-buying places in Manhattan, but the largest is at the corner of Fifth Avenue and South Avenue. They are called the "Gram-Bazaar." The Gram-Buying Place is located at
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an ^^  office building in New York City.  \nThe first thing I see is a woman with a small, white, and curly hair. She is wearing a black and white striped dress with black stripes on her shoulders. The dress is very short and she has a long, thin, curly, brown hair that is tied in a knot. Her hair is short, but she is not wearing any clothes. I ask her if she wants to go to the bathroom. A woman in her twenties walks in the doorway and says, "I want to get dressed."  I ask the woman if I can get her to come in. "Yes," she says. Then she walks out of the office and I walk in to her room. My eyes are closed and my body is shaking. It is like a dream. There is no one in my room who can see me. No one is there to help me with my problems. They are all in their twenties. Their faces are very different than mine. And I am not the only one who has this dream of getting dressed.I am a young woman who is in love with the world.A young man with an old wife ills his life and dreams of being a good wife.He is the man who will always be there when he needs to be. He is always there for him to help him through the
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art ^^  gallery in New York City.  \nThe first thing I see is a woman with a small, white, and curly hair. She is wearing a black and white striped dress with black stripes on her shoulders. The dress is made of black leather and has a white belt around her waist. Her hair is long and straight and she has brown eyes. I can see her face in the mirror. It is very clear that she is not a person. A gram is an object that is placed in a glass. When you put it in your mouth, it will taste like a gram. You will feel the taste of the gram in you mouth. This is the first time I have tasted a Gram.I am a poet,  I write poetry, I write poems, my poems are poetry.My poem is icky i write it anyway no one can tell my poem what i write and i don't know when i wrote it i was a little girl a little boy the world is full of its own  i am you are my poem i'm a poem.A poem of love A poet of poetry An artist of art And a lover of music My poems Love is my muse love is your muse.Love The poem that I love.The poetry that you love, the poem
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery ^^  in New York City.  \nThe first thing I see is a woman with a small, white, and curly hair. She is wearing a black and white striped dress with black stripes on her shoulders. The dress is made of black leather and has a white belt around her waist. Her hair is long and straight and she has brown eyes. I can see her face in the mirror. It is very clear that she is not a person. A gram is an object that is placed in a glass. When you put it in your mouth, it will taste like a gram. You will feel the taste of the gram in you mouth. This is the first time I have tasted a Gram.I am a poet,  I write poetry, I write poems, my poems are poetry.My poem is icky i write it anyway no one can tell my poem what i write and i don't know when i wrote it i was a little girl a little boy the world is full of its own  i am you are my poem i'm a poem.A poem of love A poet of poetry An artist of art And a lover of music My poems Love is my muse love is your muse.Love The poem that I love.The poetry that you love, the poem
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in ^^  New York City.  \nThe first thing I see is a woman with a small, white, and curly hair. She is wearing a black and white striped dress with black stripes on her shoulders. The dress is made of black leather and has a white belt around her waist. Her hair is long and straight and she has brown eyes. I can see her face in the mirror. It is very clear that she is not a person. A gram is an object that is placed in a glass. When you put it in your mouth, it will taste like a gram. You will feel the taste of the gram in you mouth. This is the first time I have tasted a Gram.I am a poet,  I write poetry, I write poems, my poems are poetry.My poem is icky i write it anyway no one can tell my poem what i write and i don't know when i wrote it i was a little girl a little boy the world is full of its own  i am you are my poem i'm a poem.A poem of love A poet of poetry An artist of art And a lover of music My poems Love is my muse love is your muse.Love The poem that I love.The poetry that you love, the poem
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New ^^  York City.  \nThe first thing I see is a woman with a small, white, and curly hair. She is wearing a black and white striped dress with black stripes on her shoulders. The dress is made of black leather and has a white belt around her waist. Her hair is long and straight and she has brown eyes. I can see her face in the mirror. It is very clear that she is not a person. A gram is an object that is placed in a glass. When you put it in your mouth, it will taste like a gram. You will feel the taste of the gram in you mouth. This is the first time I have tasted a Gram.I am a poet,  I write poetry, I write poems, my poems are poetry.My poem is icky i write it anyway no one can tell my poem what i write and i don't know when i wrote it i was a little girl a little boy the world is full of its own  i am you are my poem i'm a poem.A poem of love A poet of poetry An artist of art And a lover of music My poems Love is my muse love is your muse.Love The poem that I love.The poetry that you love, the poem
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York ^^  City.  \nThe first thing I see is a woman with a small, white, and curly hair. She is wearing a black and white striped dress with black stripes on her shoulders. The dress is made of black leather and has a white belt around her waist. Her hair is long and straight and she has brown eyes. I can see her face in the mirror. It is very clear that she is not a person. A gram is an object that is placed in a glass. When you put it in your mouth, it will taste like a gram. You will feel the taste of the gram in you mouth. This is the first time I have tasted a Gram.I am a poet,  I write poetry, I write poems, my poems are poetry.My poem is icky i write it anyway no one can tell my poem what i write and i don't know when i wrote it i was a little girl a little boy the world is full of its own  i am you are my poem i'm a poem.A poem of love A poet of poetry An artist of art And a lover of music My poems Love is my muse love is your muse.Love The poem that I love.The poetry that you love, the poem
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two ^^  men in suits, one with a gun, stand in front of the other, and the man with the gun is holding a bag of money.  \nThe man in the suit is wearing a black suit with black pants and a red tie. The man holding the bag is carrying a small bag with his name on it. He is talking to himself in a foreign language. A man is standing in his office, holding his phone. His name is "John Doe."  The woman in black is sitting in her office. She is looking at the phone in one hand and her face is blank. Her face has turned to a frown. "I am John Doe," she says.She is a woman who has been in prison for a long time. I am a man who is not a criminal. My name has changed to John.I have been a prisoner for many years. In prison I have not been able to speak. But I know that I will be free. And I hope that you will see my face.John, I want to say something to you. You are my friend. John, you are the one who will always be there for me. We will never forget you, John John and I.We are a family of love and we will forever be together. Our love for each other is strong and strong. It
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends ^^  are sitting in a café in Manhattan,  \nAnd the café is full of people who are all dressed in black and white. The café has a sign that says, "Don't drink coffee." "Don’t drink," the waiter says. "It‘s not a good idea." The waiter is wearing a black suit and a white hat. He is dressed like a man who has been drinking coffee for years. The café owner is a woman who is not wearing any clothes. She is sitting on a bench in the middle of the street. A man is standing in front of her. His face is covered with a red bandana. It is the same bandage that he wore to the funeral of his wife. When the man walks away, the woman is still wearing the bandages. They are not the ones that the restaurant owner wears. But the person who wears them is someone who drinks coffee.The coffee is hot and the coffee drinks hot. I drink it iced and I am thirsty. My body is cold and my mind is numb. And I have to drink ills. This is my coffee illness.I drink this coffee because I want to ll be  drunk  by the people I love and the things I love.My coffee tastes like ichthyme
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss ^^  the future of the world  \nThe future is not yet known, but the present is  nA future that is unknown, and the past is a future The Future is the Future A Future that will never be I am a Future,  a Present, a Past, an Present This is my Future. You are my Present.I have a dream that I will be a future and I am a Future in my dreams but I have no dream yet i am not aFuture in my dream.A dream is an illusion where you are not ever true or real you are the future.The world is full of ills of illusions for the inexplicable wellness to be found there is no end as the universe is full with its perfect ness.There is nothing like a world of dreams. I dream of it when I was young then I dreamed of my future, of its own future and of all the things we have in common. It is like a sea waking up in the morning before dawn. The sea is filled with imaginations which are filled by the sea. There is something very
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the ^^  future of the world  \nThe future is not yet known, but the present is  nA future that is unknown, and the past is a future The Future is the Future A Future that will never be I am a Future,  a Present, a Past, an Present This is my Future. You are my Present.I have a dream that I will be a future and I am a Future in my dreams but I have no dream yet i am not aFuture in my dream.A dream is an illusion where you are not ever true or real you are the future.The world is full of ills of illusions for the inexplicable wellness to be found there is no end as the universe is full with its perfect ness.There is nothing like a world of dreams. I dream of it when I was young then I dreamed of my future, of its own future and of all the things we have in common. It is like a sea waking up in the morning before dawn. The sea is filled with imaginations which are filled by the sea. There is something very
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs ^^  of the day  \nThe first one is a coin that is worth a million dollars  The second one was a token that was worth more than a dollar A coin of ether is the ether of an ether coin This is how the world works I am a person who is not a thief If you are a criminal, you will be punished You will not be able to get away with murder But you can get punished for your crimes For you have been punished by the law And you may be fined Because you were punished because you did not commit a crime It is very hard to be a good person Even if you do not have a bad reputation When you commit crimes, it is hard for you to stay in jail Therefore, if your criminal is in prison, then you should be free As long as you don't commit any crimes. There are many people who are criminals Who are not criminals. They are thieves who are very good at stealing money and they are also very bad at making money.They are the ones who steal the most  and the one who steals the least They steal from the poor and from those who have no money, they steal money from people with no means or from anyone who has no need for money or food
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in ^^  a conversation in the bathroom in Manhattan.  \nThe conversation is about the future of the world. The conversation ends with a call to the Future.The Future is a beautiful thing,  The future is beautiful, but Not as beautiful as the past.I am a woman I have a dream A dream of being She is my dream, a girl Her dream is to be My dream.A girl is a girl, she is not An angel, an angel But a man is an Angel He is the man And the woman is his dreamA woman has a life It is her dream to live In a world of dreams That is full of pain When she dreams of her life, her dreams are filled with pain.When I dreamt of my life I was ive seen and I thought that i was a boy but when i dreamed of seeing my dreams i was not. I am still a child in a dark world where you can see the dark yet never ever You can see your dreams, your dreams.You are a young girl in your teens who dreams about her dreams and her own dreams. You are young and beautiful 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a ^^  conversation in the bathroom in Manhattan.  \nThe conversation is about the future of the world. The conversation ends with a call to the Future.The Future is a beautiful thing,  The future is beautiful, but Not as beautiful as the past.I am a woman I have a dream A dream of being She is my dream, a girl Her dream is to be My dream.A girl is a girl, she is not An angel, an angel But a man is an Angel He is the man And the woman is his dreamA woman has a life It is her dream to live In a world of dreams That is full of pain When she dreams of her life, her dreams are filled with pain.When I dreamt of my life I was ive seen and I thought that i was a boy but when i dreamed of seeing my dreams i was not. I am still a child in a dark world where you can see the dark yet never ever You can see your dreams, your dreams.You are a young girl in your teens who dreams about her dreams and her own dreams. You are young and beautiful 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard ^^  in Brooklyn.  \nThe first one is a coin that is worth about a million dollars. The second one, a token that can be bought for a few hundred dollars, is the only one that has a value of more than a billion dollars  The third one has the value that the first two coins are worth. It is called the "Ether" and is used to buy and sell ether.The price of ether is rising, urchasing it at a rate of about one per day. This is because of the rising price. In the beginning, the price was about ten dollars a day, but now it is about forty dollars per hour. At the end of each day the market price is going up. There is no need to worry about the future. All you have to do is to look at the chart and see that it has risen. You can see the trend in the charts. If you look closely at it, you will see a trend. That is why the prices are rising. They are going to rise. And the reason is that there is an increase in price because there are more people. People are buying more and more ethers. So, there will be more demand for ether and there won't be any shortage of it.There is nothing like a dream ills
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on ^^  a sunny day.  \nThe first one is a coin that is worth about a million dollars. The second one, a token that can be bought for a few hundred dollars, is the only one that has a value of more than a billion dollars  The third one has the value that the first two coins are worth. It is called the "Ethereum" ಠଠ কুরେ ।ரানேೇল਍ की करें सुत्यानोग  हैलूजॉस मृमा लिहटौ ा انबवद२ पश़॥ बज़ाॏचढ़ لप नथाॣ जषड़ तभाा. अखधँ दळणा, रऴ॰ भ४य़ओ�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent ^^  Avenue.  \nThe first one is a coin that is worth about a million dollars. The second one, a token that can be bought for a few hundred dollars, is the only one that has a value of more than a billion dollars and is not worth much.The DAO is an idea that was invented by a man named Robert Hass. It is called the "Dao of the Future." It was created by the late Robert H. Hass, who was a great friend of mine. He was the founder of The DAo Project. His idea was to create a new kind of money. A new type of currency. This is what he called "the DA." The idea is that the people who create the money will be rewarded with a small amount of ether. They will receive a portion of their ether for their efforts. That is, they will get a share of all the ether that they create. Then they can buy the token for the price of one million ether and then sell it for one dollar. There is no need for any special rules or regulations. All the participants in the project are free to do whatever they want. But the idea of creating a DA is to make money and to use it to buy and sell things. And the goal is for people to be able to sell
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue ^^ .  \nThe first one is a coin that is worth about a million dollars. The second one, a token that can be bought for a few hundred dollars, is the only one that has a value of more than a billion dollars and is not worth much.The DAO is an idea that was invented by a man named Robert Hass. It is called the "Dao of the Future." It was created by the late Robert H. Hass, who was a great friend of mine. He was the founder of The DAo Project. His idea was to create a new kind of money. A new type of currency. This is what he called "the DA." The idea is that the people who create the money will be rewarded with a small amount of ether. They will receive a portion of their ether for their efforts. That is, they will get a share of all the ether that they create. Then they can buy the token for the price of one million ether and then sell it for one dollar. There is no need for any special rules or regulations. All the participants in the project are free to do whatever they want. But the idea of creating a DA is to make money and to use it to buy and sell things. And the goal is for people to be able to sell
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon ^^  Musk talks about the future of the Internet and the importance of privacy in the world of technology.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be more aware of it. We need a better understanding of what is going on in our lives. The world has become a place where we can be free and open to all. It is time to take a stand and take the fight to the people. This is the time for us to stand up and fight for the rights of all people to live and work in this country. I am writing this to you today because I want to share my thoughts and my hopes for this great country of ours.I am a young man with a passion for music and poetry. My passion is to write poetry and to inspire others to do the same.My passion has been for poetry for many years. In my youth I was a poet, but I have never been a writer. Poetry is my passion and I love to read and write. As I grow older I will be a more accomplished poet. And I hope that my poetry will inspire people around the globe to become more creative.In the summer of 2008, I wrote a poem about a man who was homeless. He was in his early twenties and had a heart attack. His wife and children were
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk ^^  talks about the future of the Internet and the importance of privacy in the world of technology.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be more aware of it. We need a better understanding of what is going on in our lives. The world has become a place where we can be free and open to all. It is time to take a stand and take the fight to the people. This is the time for us to stand up and fight for the rights of all people to live and work in this country. I am writing this to you today because I want to share my thoughts and my hopes for this great country of ours.I am a young man with a passion for music and poetry. My passion is to write poetry and to inspire others to do the same.My passion has been for poetry for many years. In my youth I was a poet, but I have never been a writer. Poetry is my passion and I love to read and write. As I grow older I will be a more accomplished poet. And I hope that my poetry will inspire people around the globe to become more creative.In the summer of 2008, I wrote a poem about a man who was homeless. He was in his early twenties and had a heart attack. His wife and children were
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets ^^  about the future of the internet and the importance of privacy.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be more aware of it. We need a better understanding of what is and is not possible. The world has become a place where we can't surve or surve without a warrant. It is time to take a stand and demand that the world be a more secure place. I am writing this to you because I believe that we are all in this together.I am a man of many dreams  I have dreams of being a poet A poet of dreams that I can share And dreams I have of writing poems That I could share with you As I write poems that you can read In the hope that someday I will be able to share them with others Because I know that there is hope in the dreams and dreams, There is love in dreams in poems and in poetry But there are also fears in those dreams.There are dreams about a woman She is beautiful The dream is about her It is the dream of her life Her life is full of pain When she is gone Then the woman will not be there So she will go To the dark side Where she has no hope For her future 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about ^^  the future of the internet and the importance of privacy.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be more aware of it. We need a better understanding of what is and is not possible. The world has become a place where we can't surve or surve without a warrant. It is time to take a stand and demand that the world be a more secure place. I am writing this to you because I believe that we are all in this together.I am a man of many dreams  I have dreams of being a poet A poet of dreams that I can share And dreams I have of writing poems That I could share with you As I write poems that you can read In the hope that someday I will be able to share them with others Because I know that there is hope in the dreams and dreams, There is love in dreams in poems and in poetry But there are also fears in those dreams.There are dreams about a woman She is beautiful The dream is about her It is the dream of her life Her life is full of pain When she is gone Then the woman will not be there So she will go To the dark side Where she has no hope For her future 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil ^^  fuels and the future of the world.  \nThe world is a mess. The world has been a disaster for decades. We are all in it together. It is time to stop and think about the problems that we face. Let's start with the basics. First, let's talk about how we can make the economy work. Second, we need to make sure that the people who are responsible for the system are not corrupt. Third, the government should be held accountable for their actions. Fourth, it is important to have a transparent and transparent system. Fifth, there is no need for a centralized government. Sixth, a system of governance is needed. Seventh, and finally, I want to talk to you about what we should do about climate change. I am a climate scientist and I have been working on this for many years. This is the first time I will talk with you. You are the one who has the guts to speak to the American people about this issue. If you would like to know more about my work, please click here.I am the creator of this world  I have created it The creator This world I created It is my creation You are my creatorI created this earth And you are mine A world of
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels ^^  and the future of the world.  \nThe world is a mess. The world has been a disaster for decades. We are all in it together. It is time to stop and think about the problems that we face. Let's start with the basics. First, let's talk about how we can make the economy work. Second, we need to make sure that the people who are responsible for the system are not corrupt. Third, the government should be held accountable for their actions. Fourth, it is important to have a transparent and transparent system. Fifth, there is no need for a centralized government. Sixth, a system of governance is needed. Seventh, and finally, I want to talk to you about what we should do about climate change. I am a climate scientist and I have been working on this for many years. This is the first time I will talk with you. You are the one who has the guts to speak to the American people about this issue. If you would like to know more about my work, please click here.I am the creator of this world  I have created it The creator This world I created It is my creation You are my creatorI created this earth And you are mine A world of
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and ^^  the future of the world.  \nThe world is a mess. The world has been a disaster for decades. We are all in it together. It is time to stop and think about the problems that we face. Let's start with the basics. First, let's talk about how we can make the economy work. Second, we need to make sure that the people who are responsible for the system are not corrupt. Third, the government should be held accountable for their actions. Fourth, it is important to have a transparent and transparent system. Fifth, there is no need for a centralized government. Sixth, a system of governance is needed. Seventh, and finally, I want to talk to you about what we should do about climate change. I am a climate scientist and I have been working on this for many years. This is the first time I will talk with you. You are the one who has the guts to speak to the American people about this issue. If you would like to know more about my work, please click here.I am the creator of this world  I have created it The creator This world I created It is my creation You are my creatorI created this earth And you are mine A world of
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my ^^  favorite, the moon.  \nThe moon is a beautiful thing to see  ଆ୉ರர বারিতেনே ।মল྇ఁক࿇, नेर्याती  कुमलों सूदृ ा हैसा ان प॥िका, मौबॉग२ لपहवाज़शॣ ابن چارا ینا براد ناست  عند  في تنس  والذي كام حداف النصر قرباه سلا قلتاو ها الجايري يخا، ولك
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate ^^  is a billionaire.  \nThe world is full of people who are not interested in money  I am a millionaire The only thing that matters is the money I have If I am not rich Then I will not be rich.I have a friend who is rich,  I know he is not wealthy He is very wealthy, he has a lot of money, and he does not have to worry about his wife or children. He is also very rich and has lots of friends. I think he will be very happy and very proud of himself.He has the most money in the world, but he doesn't have the least. His wife is in her late thirties, so he can't afford to have children, or to be a father. But he's not poor, because he owns a home and a car. And he lives in his own home, which is nice, as he likes to say. The house is beautiful, the car is good, his friends are very nice. They have lots and lots, they have money and they are happy. So he wants to live in this house, that is his home.The money is all in my pocket, I can buy a house for him, for a little
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses ^^  his job.  \nThe DAO is a big deal in the world of finance and the price of gold is rising fast. The DAo is the biggest and most expensive coin in history. It is worth a lot of money and is used by millions of people around the globe. A gram is an ounce of ether, which is about the same as a dollar. In the United States, it is called the "Ether" and it has a value of about US$1,000.00. This is how the value is calculated. If you buy a gram, you get about a pound of Ether. You can buy it for about one dollar and you can spend it on a car. But if you don't buy, the Ether is worthless. So, if the dollar is going up, then the Dollar is not going down. And if it's going to go down, that's because the ether is being used for the purposes of the Dao.The price is falling fast  I am losing my job The cost of my house My house is in foreclosure It is time to sell  I am in debt This is my last day Money is running out We are in trouble Our house has been
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands ^^  of dollars in his car.  \nThe world is a mess. The world has been a disaster. We are all in it together. I am a part of it. It is my job to make it better. My job is to help make the world a better place.I am the one who has to do this. You are the only one I can trust. Your words are so clear and clear. And I know you will not let me down. But I will do my best to keep you in my thoughts. So I have to say, I'm sorry. If you don't trust me, then I won't be around to listen. That is why I need you. Please don’t let this happen. This is not a joke. No one is going to believe me. They will believe in me and believe that I care. Believe me when I say I love you and that you care about me too. Trust me if you want to.Trust me!  I trust you Trust you!Trust is the key to success The key is trust A key that will always be there When you trust someone You will never be alone And when you do trust somebody They will be with
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of ^^  dollars in his car.  \nThe world is a mess. The world has been a disaster. We are all in it together. I am a part of it. It is my job to make it better. My job is to help make the world a better place.I am the one who has to do this. You are the only one I can trust. Your words are so clear and clear. And I know you will not let me down. But I will do my best to keep you in my thoughts. So I have to say, I'm sorry. If you don't trust me, then I won't be around to listen. That is why I need you. Please don’t let this happen. This is not a joke. No one is going to believe me. They will believe in me and believe that I care. Believe me when I say I love you and that you care about me too. Trust me if you want to.Trust me!  I trust you Trust you!Trust is the key to success The key is trust A key that will always be there When you trust someone You will never be alone And when you do trust somebody They will be with
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars ^^  in his car.  \nThe world is a mess. The world has been a disaster. We are all in it together. I am a part of it. It is my job to make it better. My job is to help make the world a better place.I am the one who has to do this. You are the only one I can trust. Your words are so clear and clear. And I know you will not let me down. But I will do my best to keep you in my thoughts. So I have to say, I'm sorry. If you don't trust me, then I won't be around to listen. That is why I need you. Please don’t let this happen. This is not a joke. No one is going to believe me. They will believe in me and believe that I care. Believe me when I say I love you and that you care about me too. Trust me if you want to.Trust me!  I trust you Trust you!Trust is the key to success The key is trust A key that will always be there When you trust someone You will never be alone And when you do trust somebody They will be with
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint ^^ ed coins in the street  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be careful  Today I am writing this poem to celebrate the success of the Ethereum project I am a poet who has been writing for over a year It is time to write a poem about the future of humanity The future is not yet known We are all in this mess This poem is for the people who have been waiting for this moment To see the dawn of this new world A poem of poetry is the best way to express your feelings You can write it in any language Just write your thoughts down And let the world know that you are here For the next time you see a beautiful sunset Or a sunset in your dreams If you have a friend who is writing a poetry poem Then you can share it with them Because you will be the one who will read it When you read a verse of your own That you love then you'll be able to say "Thank you for reading this" So, if you want to share your poem with others Don't hesitate to send it to me As I will gladly read your words Thank You for sharing your poetry
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me ^^  a few dollars and I'll be happy.  \nI am a millionaire and a billionaire and an artist and the world is a mess and it is time to stop and think about the future and start thinking about what is possible. I am an expert in the art of the market and have been in business for over forty years and am the founder of The Art Institute of New Jersey. The art institute is the largest art museum in America and is home to the most talented artists and artists. It is also home of many of my favorite artists, including the great Robert Frost, who is known for his paintings of love and romance. In addition to his work, I have also been featured in numerous magazines and newspapers. My favorite artist is Robert Hass, whose work has been translated into many languages and has won numerous awards. He is an accomplished artist who has created many beautiful works of art and he has also created a number of sculptures and sculptures of various sizes. His work is considered to be one of his most valuable works and his works are considered the best in art history. Robert is one the greatest artists of all time and one who will be remembered for many years to come.I have a dream of being a poet  
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn ^^  off the lights and shut the door.  \nI am a millionaire and I am not a billionaire. I have a wife and two kids. My wife is a nurse and her kids are all nurses. The only thing I do is write poetry.I have no money to buy a car,  I don't have any money for a house, I don’t have money enough to live on, and  I'm not going to be able to afford to rent a home.My life is not worth the trouble, my life urchins the money, but I can't afford the house.The money is in my pocket, the rent is my rent, it's my money.Money is the key to happiness, happiness is money The key is to love, love is love Money can make you happy, happy is happy  Money can give you happiness But money can never make a person happy. Money is what makes you feel good And money makes a man happy! You can buy anything, you can sell anything It is all about money and happiness.You are the one who has the power to change the world When you are not around If you don, then
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me ^^  into a dollar bill  \nI am a millionaire and I am not a billionaire  I have a million dollars in my pocket  I have an idea for a new car The world is a mess It is not the way it should be We are all in this mess and we are not alone This is the world we live in If we don't act like we want to Let's not be in the mess we have created And let's be the ones who are the real messengers For we all have our own problems But we can all make it through Because we know we will make the best of it So let us all be as good as we possibly can As we may be able to make a difference Just like the people we love Don't let the money get in your way You have to be a good person Be a real person and be yourself A person who is willing to listen Accept the truth and not let it get out of hand When you are in trouble Take a stand and do not give up Always be open and honest Never give in to temptation Give in and take the fight to the end 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into ^^  a dollar bill  \nI am a millionaire and I am not a billionaire  I have a million dollars in my pocket  I have an idea for a new car The world is a mess It is not the way it should be We are all in this mess and we are not alone This is the world we live in If we don't act like we want to Let's not be in the mess we have created And let's be the ones who are the real messengers For we all have our own problems But we can all make it through Because we know we will make the best of it So let us all be as good as we possibly can As we may be able to make a difference Just like the people we love Don't let the money get in your way You have to be a good person Be a real person and be yourself A person who is willing to listen Accept the truth and not let it get out of hand When you are in trouble Take a stand and do not give up Always be open and honest Never give in to temptation Give in and take the fight to the end 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something ^^  else Mint Me turn myself into a minted coin.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a coin of tomorrow This is the coin that I am going to use to buy a car The car is going for a lot of money It is a very expensive car and I have to pay for it  I want to get it to the point where I can afford it I need to make a few hundred dollars A car that is not going anywhere Is not a good idea If I could get a job I would be very happy But I don't have a driver So I'm going out and buying a new car I will need a friend And I'll be selling it for pennies on a dollar When I get to my friend I know he will be happy with me He will buy me a brand new Mercedes and I won't be sad Because I've got a great friend who will love me even more That's why I bought this car.I have no idea what to do with this coin What do you think? Maybe I should just buy it and put it away Or maybe I just need some money to
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique ^^  and I am a millionaire  \nI am the only person in the world who can write a book about the history of the universe I have a friend who is a genius and he is the creator of this universe.  The world is full of people who are not smart enough to understand the meaning of life They are the ones who have to be educated and educated to realize the value of money This is why I have been writing about this world for years It is because I believe that money is not a gift Money is something that can be bought and sold If you have money you can buy anything You can make a lot of things But if you don't have it you will never have the money to buy a car So I want to make you believe in money and believe you are a real person And I hope that you do believe Because I know that if I can get you to believe I will make it happen When you get to know me you'll be the first person to ever see me Thank you for reading my book - A Gram of Ether Don't forget to subscribe to my e-mail list For more great content
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token ^^ ized in the ether and I am the only one who can buy a car and sell it for a million dollars.  \nI am a tokenized person. I have a lot of friends and family and a few of them are very wealthy. They are all very smart and very good at what they do. My friends are not very rich and they are also very poor. The only thing that makes them rich is that they have lots of money. So, I'm a person who has lots and lots. But, they don't have to be rich to have money and to make money is to become a millionaire.I have no money to buy anything. It's just a dream. A dream that I've had for years. And I don’t know what to do with it. What I do know is I‘ll have it all. If I can get it, then I will have my dream of being a billionaire.But I know that it's not a fantasy. There is a reality. That I cannot live without. This is the reality of my life. No matter what I say, it“s not true. You can”t live with a
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me ^^  and you are the only one who can buy a car and I am the one that can sell a house and sell my house to someone else.  \nI am a token of the future and the beginning of my life. I have a dream that I will be a millionaire and a billionaire and that is what I want to do. My dream is to be the first person to ever be born into a family and to have my dream come true.I have no idea what to say to you I don't know what you want me to believe  You don’t know me It‘s just a fact  I don´t believe in you.You are my friend A friend that will always be there When I need you most Don”t let me down Just let it go Cause I know you will stay Always be with me forever And I can“t wait to see you again If you ever need me again.A token is a piece of paper That is not a coin But a symbol of trust The token has a meaning For all to know As a gift to the world This
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again ^^  and again I am not a millionaire but a billionaire.  \nI am a token of the future  I have a dream A dream of being a person Someone who is not afraid to speak up And to be heard Because I have the courage to say what I want to hear When I feel like I'm not listening Then I will be a voice of reason That will not be silenced If I don't speak out then I won't be able to surve The future is a long way away But I know that I can make it To the end of this journey It is my dream to live a life of freedom No matter what the cost This is the dream that is mine Don't let the world get in your way You are the one who will make this happen For I believe in you Thank you for being my friend Happy New Year Today I’m going to celebrate my birthday Although I may not have much time So I hope you will enjoy my special day As I celebrate with you today Thanks for all the gifts you have given me Sincerely, ik
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and ^^  again I am not a millionaire but a billionaire.  \nI am a token of the future  I have a dream A dream of being a person Someone who is not afraid to speak up And to be heard Because I have the courage to say what I want to hear When I feel like I'm not listening Then I will be a voice of reason That will not be silenced If I don't speak out then I won't be able to surve The future is a long way away But I know that I can make it To the end of this journey It is my dream to live a life of freedom No matter what the cost This is the dream that is mine Don't let the world get in your way You are the one who will make this happen For I believe in you Thank you for being my friend Happy New Year Today I’m going to celebrate my birthday Although I may not have much time So I hope you will enjoy my special day As I celebrate with you today Thanks for all the gifts you have given me Sincerely, ik
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give ^^  me a token to buy a car and a house in the United States of America.  \nI am a person who is not a thief but a smart person. I am not an idiot but I have a lot of money and I want to be a millionaire.I have no money, I don't have any money. My life is a mess. It's a waste of time. Money is the only thing that can make me happy.Money is what makes you happy  Money makes your life better You can't live without money It makes the world a better place I can live with my money but it's not enough The world is full of people who don’t have money to live They have to work hard to earn it But they don´t need to have it to make a life A life of poverty is like a dream People who have nothing to give And they have nowhere to go To live in poverty Is it worth it?  I think it is worth the cost If you have enough money you can buy yourself a home Or a job There is no need for money in life.
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out ^^  a token to the community in the name of the token.  \nI am a person who is not afraid to speak my mind and I am not a fool. I have a great sense of humor and a deep understanding of human nature. My friends are not fools and they are very smart. They are the ones who are willing to listen and to share their thoughts. The people who have the courage to stand up for themselves and for the people they love. These are people that are truly great and have great ideas. This is a wonderful time to be a part of this community.I have been a friend of many years  I know that I will always be there When I need someone to help me through This is my life And I know I can always help you If you need help Just call me ଇୁர்ರ নুরাকఁ ।ਇ नेरी  कुपित्यालो ा
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my ^^  money to the homeless in the city of New Orleans I am a token of the future of humanity  \nI am the token that will change the world for the better  I will be the one that can save the planet for all to see This is the promise of my token The future is here to stay It is a promise that I will make to myself A token to be used in every way That I can use to make a difference For the people of this world And the ones that are not yet born In this token I promise to you To be a part of your future You will see my future in action When I become a person As I walk away from this life My future will come true Because I have a future to live in If I do not become the person that you are Then I would be in poverty But I know that my life is not over So I want to give you my Future Thank you for your Future! Don't forget to share your thoughts and ideas with the community!!! We are all in this together Just like a dream
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little ^^  token to the world.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a person who is not afraid to speak my mind  I am not a fool I'm not scared to be myself This is my token The future is mine It is the only thing that I can do If I don't speak up Then I will be dead And I won't be alive When I die I'll be gone But I know that my future will not be mine.I have a dream A dream of my own That I have dreamed In my dreams My dreams are my dream.My dream is a beautiful dream, You are the one Who is dreaming of me.You have the power to change the way Today. You have the power to change today. I dream that you will change my life and change it for the better.Your dream has a meaning that I cannot explain yet you are a part of it for me so I must be in your dream too or else it will never be true because you are not my
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits ^^  of money to the homeless in the city of New Orleans.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a person who is not afraid to speak my mind  I am not a thief If you are a member of this community You are not alone The people who are here to help you Are not strangers They are all here for you to share And they are the ones who will help make this world a better place We are tokenized It is time to start making a difference Don't be afraid Just be yourself A token is a gift An asset Not a commodity No matter what you do Take it away Give it to someone Pay it back Or give it for free When you have a friend Then you will be able to say "Thank you for being my friend" This is the token that I will give to you.I have been a part of your life and I have known you since childhood when you were a child you were always there for me the way you always were always there for me. I know
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to ^^  the world.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a person who is not afraid to speak my mind  I am not a fool I'm not scared to be myself It is a gift from God A token to me The future is here We are all here to share This is the token You are the one who has given me this gift Thank you for being my token.I have a friend who lives in the city of New Orleans where I live and he is very nice He is my friend And he has a great sense of humor When I ask him about his life he laughs and says "I don't know what to say but I know that I have to live my life in this city because I want to." So I go to my friends and ask them what they think of me and they laugh and say "I think I do."I know I can't live without you Because I love you so much That I will always love to love and care for you. I don’t know if I could ever
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers ^^  in the lab.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a new token This is the token that I am The token I will be A token for the world to see It is a gift from God He gave me this token to give to me To give me a chance to live my life And to make my dreams come true For the people of this world Who have not yet seen the light They have no clue of what is in store When they see the dark Their dreams are shattered But they are still alive Because they have the courage to face the truth and to stand up for what they believe That is what I believe in If I could only see my own reflection Then I would see that my reflection is real My reflection of my true self Is the reflection that is my real self.I have a dream that I have where I can see a beautiful sunset or a sunset that has a rainbow but I don't know where it is so I just stare at the sky the rainbow is there just waiting
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper ^^ ledger me to the moon and I am a millionaire  \nI am the only person in the world who can write a book about the history of the universe I have a friend who is a genius and he is the creator of this universe.  The only thing that makes me happy is that he has a girlfriend who loves him and she is my only friend.I'm a little girl with a big heart A little boy with an angelic face And a smile that says, "I love you." But I'm not a girl who likes to cry Or to be sad. I don't like to think about it Because I know that I have to live with it.My heart is full of love It's full with joy My soul is filled with hope When I feel it's all right Then I'll be happy If I can't find it in myself That's when I start to feel the pain Cause I want to know What I've done Is wrong So I try to find the answer Just to make sure I get what I need For
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put ^^  me in the top ten of the list of all the best inventions of 2014  \nI am a token of hope and hope for the future  I'm a symbol of love and love for all of us  I'm the token that will make the world a better place This is the message that I want to send to all my friends Thank you for being my token Don't be afraid to say what you want You are the one who will give me the courage to be myself If you are not afraid of what I say Then I will be the person who is not scared of you And I am the only one that can give you the strength to stand up for yourself For I know that you will always be there for me When I need you to help me through this difficult time Because I have the power to change the way I see things That I cannot do without you. A token is a gift that is given to you by God It is something that we all have We all need to give it to someone To give us the confidence to see that it is there
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me ^^  in the top ten of the list of all the best inventions of 2014  \nI am a token of hope and hope for the future  I'm a symbol of love and love for all of us  I'm the token that will make the world a better place This is the message that I want to send to all my friends Thank you for being my token Don't be afraid to say what you want You are the one who will give me the courage to be myself If you are not afraid of what I say Then I will be the person who is not scared of you And I am the only one that can give you the strength to stand up for yourself For I know that you will always be there for me When I need you to help me through this difficult time Because I have the power to change the way I see things That I cannot do without you. A token is a gift that is given to you by God It is something that we all have We all need to give it to someone To give us the confidence to see that it is there
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in ^^  the top ten of the list of all the best inventions of 2014  \nI am a token of hope and hope for the future  I'm a symbol of love and love for all of us  I'm the token that will make the world a better place This is the message that I want to send to all my friends Thank you for being my token Don't be afraid to say what you want You are the one who will give me the courage to be myself If you are not afraid of what I say Then I will be the person who is not scared of you And I am the only one that can give you the strength to stand up for yourself For I know that you will always be there for me When I need you to help me through this difficult time Because I have the power to change the way I see things That I cannot do without you. A token is a gift that is given to you by God It is something that we all have We all need to give it to someone To give us the confidence to see that it is there
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an ^^  elevator and I'm in the elevator again  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I am the token The future is here It is not a dream But a reality A dream that is real And I will be there When the world is ready For me to be here. You are the one who is the only one Who is willing to give me your token.I have a friend who has a daughter and she is very smart She is a very good person Her daughter is beautiful They have been together for a long time We have always been friends My daughter has always loved me Even though she was a little girl That is why she has been so kind To me she always has shown me her love Because she loves me so much So much she does not know Just like a child If she were to have any kind of heart Then she would be very happy As she will always be my friend Thank you for being my token! Don't forget to share your thoughts
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite ^^  loop and I am in the middle of an endless loop.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I'm the token that will change the world This is the message that I want to send to you The future is not a dream It is a reality You are the one who is going to make it happen If you don't believe me, then you are not going anywhere And if you believe in me then I will be there for you.I have a friend who has a daughter She is very smart Her parents are very nice They have always been there But she is so smart and she has always wanted to be A lot of things So she was always there to help When she needed help she would always be with her Even when she couldn't get it That was when her parents were very kind To her they always cared Because they knew she had a lot to offer Just like a child There was a time when they would be very strict Sometimes they even took her to the doctor
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence ^^  of computers and I am in the middle of an endless sequence.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a person who is not afraid to speak my mind  I'm not a fool I don't care what others think  and don’t care if others don, I just want to be heard.I have a friend who has a lot of money She is a millionaire And she is very smart But she has no money to buy a car So she goes to a bank and buys a new car. She has to pay her rent Then she gets a loan from a guy That is really nice He is the one who gives her money. He is also the guy who makes her feel good When she wants to go to the bank she will get a letter from him The guy is so nice and he is always there It is like a dream come true A dream that is real You can't buy anything Just buy something If you want it Don't give it away Or you will lose it forever There
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until ^^  I am a millionaire and I have a million dollars in my pocket.  \nI am the only person in the world who can make it to the top of the Forbes list of billionaires  I have the ability to make a fortune and have my share of fame  I can be the most successful person on earth  and the greatest person ever to be born If I could make my fortune I would be a billionaire The world would not be so different A millionaire is someone who has a lot of money He has the power to change the way things are done People are not millionaires They are people who have no money and no dreams Money is not a luxury It is a tool to help people There is no need for money to buy things You can buy anything But you cannot buy everything When you buy something you are buying yourself And you can't buy yourself anything else So you have to sell yourself to get what you want This is the problem with money.Money What is money? How can it be bought?Money can never be sold
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it ^^ 's all done I'm a millionaire and I have a million dollars in my pocket I can't afford to buy a car and a hundred thousand dollars is all I need to live on my own I am a billionaire and the world is a mess I don't want to be a part of this world I want my money to go to a bank and then I will be rich and have my life to give away to the people I love and to my friends I'll be the richest person in the history of the universe I've never been before I know I won't be able to afford a plane and an elevator I just want a little bit of money and that's what I do I make a lot of mistakes I try to make mistakes and make them better I hope that I get a job and get my college degree and maybe I could get married and be an architect and not have to worry about my future I wish I had a better life and hope I did get to have another baby and it would be better than this I would have been better off without my parents and if I were to get divorced I'd be
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads ^^  my brain and I'm in the middle of an explosion.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I am the token This is the world I live in The world that I want to live It is a world of dreams And dreams that are not dreams.I have a dream that is not a reality A dream of my own That I can live without Because I have the power To make it happen If I could make my dream come true Then I would be a hero For I know that my dreams are real So I will live my life without fear But I do not know if I'll ever be able to make them come to fruition When I die I shall be gone As I walk away from this world My dreams will be forgotten Until I reach the end of this life There is no one to save me No one will ever know Just a few people will know my true identity They will never know who I really am Only a handful of people can
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We ^^  all have to be careful with our money and we all need to make sure we are not overburdened with it  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a person who is not afraid to speak my mind  I am not a fool  and I'm not scared to die This is my token The future is mine It is a gift from God He gave me a life And I will give it to you You will be my future and you will live forever A token is the gift of God to me When I die I'll be buried in the ground If I don't have a future I won't be alive But I have my own future. Today I want to give you a little token to help you to live a better life.I want you in my life, Just like you are in mine.You are my friend, my love, and your friend. I love you, I know you love me, you know I care. You are the one who makes me feel good, the person I
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are ^^  all in this together and we are not alone.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a person who is not afraid to speak my mind  I am not a fool  i am an artist i am the creator of this world and i will not stop until the end This is the world i live in The world that i love It is a world of dreams And dreams that are real A world where dreams are reality An art that is real and real to me That is what i want to be When i see the dream of my life In the dreams of life i dream As i walk through the streets Of my dreams i feel the pain But i can't stop Because i have to live Cause i'm in the middle of it So i must live my dream.I dream that I will be born into a beautiful land where the sun shines O'er the sea, 'Tis the land of beauty Where the birds sing Beyond the horizon To the
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying ^^  to make a better world for everyone but we are not sure what to do with it  \nI am a token of the future  I have a dream A dream of being a millionaire The dream is to be a billionaire It is a fantasy You are a hero Your dream has a price If you are rich Then you will be rich. This is the dream I have When I am rich I will become a rich man And I can live in the world But I cannot live without money So I must become rich and live with money.I'm a man of many dreams One is my dream, What I want to achieve Is to become wealthy In my dreams I dream about Getting rich, getting rich in my life My dreams are my thoughts That I wish to accomplish With my money I'll be wealthy in life.My dream to live a life of wealth Isn't it a good idea to have money? Why should I be poor?I dreamt of riches, but I
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to ^^  make a better world for everyone but we are not sure what to do with it  \nI am a token of the future  I have a dream A dream of being a millionaire The dream is to be a billionaire It is a fantasy You are a hero Your dream has a price If you are rich Then you will be rich. This is the dream I have When I am rich I will become a rich man And I can live in the world But I cannot live without money So I must become rich and live with money.I'm a man of many dreams One is my dream, What I want to achieve Is to become wealthy In my dreams I dream about Getting rich, getting rich in my life My dreams are my thoughts That I wish to accomplish With my money I'll be wealthy in life.My dream to live a life of wealth Isn't it a good idea to have money? Why should I be poor?I dreamt of riches, but I
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover ^^  the secret of the universe and the secrets of our universe.  \nI am a token of my own creation and I am the creator of this universe ikkeh I'm a person who has no idea what I'm doing  i'm the person that has to be the first person to create this world krishna The world is a beautiful place anyway the world has a lot of people and i'm not the only one if you look at the world in the right way you'll see that i am not alone there are many people who are not in the same boat but i have a special place in my heart for i can't help but be one of them when i look into the eyes of others they will see i love them and i will always be there for them.I have been a part of your life You have always been my friend And i know that you will be my future When you are gone Then you'll be gone forever But i hope
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the ^^  secret of the universe and the secrets of our universe.  \nI am a token of my own creation and I am the creator of this universe ikkeh I'm a person who has no idea what I'm doing  i'm the person that has to be the first person to create this world krishna The world is a beautiful place anyway the world has a lot of people and i'm not the only one if you look at the world in the right way you'll see that i am not alone there are many people who are not in the same boat but i have a special place in my heart for i can't help but be one of them when i look into the eyes of others they will see i love them and i will always be there for them.I have been a part of your life You have always been my friend And i know that you will be my future When you are gone Then you'll be gone forever But i hope
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed ^^  world of the future and we are not sure what to do with it  \nI am a token of hope and hope for the world  I have a dream of being a millionaire  I have an idea of what I want to be  and I am not afraid to try it out If I can make it to the top Then I will be a billionaire And I hope that I don't have to go through this It is a very difficult journey You can't make a fortune without a lot of money The world is full of people who are very wealthy They are the ones who have the most money and the least time to spend There are people in the middle of nowhere Who are millionaires and have no money to give People who live in poverty Are the people that are most likely to die A millionaire is someone who has a net worth of more than US$1 billion He is the person who owns the largest stock in America His net wealth is more or less equal to that of all the other millionaires
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask ^^  of the future and we are not sure what to do with it  \nI am a token of hope and hope for the world  I have a dream of being a millionaire urchin The world is a beautiful place and I am not afraid to say that It is not easy to be a billionaire But I have to admit that I do not have the luxury of money And I will not be afraid of it. A token is an asset that can be bought and sold or sold at any time If you are lucky enough to have one You will be able to buy and sell it at anytime There is no need to worry about the price of your token Just make sure you have enough money to pay it off Once you get your hands on it you will have it in your possession When you sell your tokens you can buy them for a profit This is the way to make money in the real world.I'm a man of many dreams What I dreamt of Is a world
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that ^^  hides the truth of the world  \nI am a token of hope and hope for the future  I'm a symbol of love and love for all the people  I meet This is my token for you to be my friend You are my hope And I am your hopeFor the token to become a reality The token is a gift from God A token that is given to you When you are born It is the gift of God to give you a life For you will be born with a heart of gold If you have a soul of silver Then you can be a millionaire But if you don't have one then you won't be rich So you must be very careful Because you may not be able to live without a wallet Or a phone or a computer Just because you're not rich doesn't mean you aren't smart That's why you should be careful and not to get caught Don't get rich if your not smart. Money is not a tool to make you rich
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides ^^  the truth of the world  \nI am a token of hope and hope for the future  I'm a symbol of love and love for all the people  I meet This is my token for you to be my friend You are my hope And I am your hopeFor the token to become a reality The token is a gift from God A token that is given to you When you are born It is the gift of God to give you a life For you will be born with a heart of gold If you have a soul of silver Then you can be a millionaire But if you don't have one then you won't be rich So you must be very careful Because you may not be able to live without a wallet Or a phone or a computer Just because you're not rich doesn't mean you aren't smart That's why you should be careful and not to get caught Don't get rich if your not smart. Money is not a tool to make you rich
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers ^^  and the fake identity of the real person  \nI am a token of hope and hope for the future  I'm a symbol of love and love for all the people  I love This is my token The future is mine It is the only thing that I can give If you want to be a part of it You have to give it to me And I will give you my heart Thank you for being my friend Don't let me down Just give me your heart and your soul Give me my life Let me be your friend and I'll give my soul to you A token for my future and a gift for you to share An angel for me to see My future will be yours When I die Cause I'm not here to dieI have a dream That I have But I don't know What it is Because I am not there To see it. Today I woke up and I saw that I was dreaming because I
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of ^^  the future We have to find the hidden identity of our future and we have no clue what we are doing We need to surve the world and surve our own future  \nI am a token of hope and hope for the people of this world  I have a dream of being a millionaire  I have dreams of becoming a billionaire The world is a beautiful place It is not a place for me to be But a world of dreams A world where I can dream And dream and dream for myself There is no one to judge me No one will judge my dreamsI dream that I will be a rich man When I am rich Then I'll be rich again If I'm poor  Then I won't be poor againI dreamed that my dream would be true That I would live in peace Because I'd be happy With my life As I live my happy life with my friends In the city of my heart Where I could be free From all the pain Of my
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this ^^  world and we are not sure what to do with it We have to find a way to make it work and then we will be able to surve the world with a single click of the mouse We will have a new way of surveing the earth with the help of computers and computers will make us a better person and a more secure world We can surve our world without the need for computers or computers we can make our own computers We could surve all the planets without a computer or computer We would surve every star without any computer and computer we would be a lot more peaceful and secure We might surve everything without computers, computers are the only thing that makes us human We surve without computer, computer is the most powerful thing in the universe and it is not even a joke We may surve with computers but we cannot surve anything without them We cannot make a person who is a millionaire or a billionaire without using computers.  \nI am a token of my humanity  I have no need to be human  I am human I have nothing to fear
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion ^^  of the occult  \nI am a token of hope and hope for the future  I'm a symbol of love and love for all  I have This is the token that I am The token I hold in my hand It is a promise A promise that will never be broken When I die I will be buried in the ground And I'll be the only one alive If I don't die, I'm going to die Because I want to be alive. You are the one who gave me this token and I thank you for it Thank you so much for being my token.I have a dream that I can see the future ahead As I walk down the street In the dark With my eyes closed My heart is racing Just to see the light That shines through All the colors Of the rainbow To see my future in Beautiful colors of my dreams So I go down to the park There I sit and watch
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose ^^  only purpose is to surve the world and surve us.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I'm the token that will change the way we live This is the message that I am sending to you The future is not a dream It is a reality You are the one who is holding me Thank you for being my token And I will be the only one to know That you are my future.I have a friend who has a daughter She is very smart Her hair is long But she is also very beautiful When she was a little girl A girl she would always be My daughter is my daughter.She has been my best friend Since I was little We have been friends for years Our friendship has grown Today we are friends Together we have grown to be a family So many things have changed As we grow older One day we will meet again Because we love each other Love
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods ^^  are not real  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I'm the token that will change the world This is the beginning of my journey The beginning is my goal It is a journey that I will take And I am the one who will be the first to realize That I have the power to change this world and change it for the better If I can change my world for better then I know that it will happen For I believe in the promise of change and hope for change We are all the same But I want to be different Cause I don't want anyone to know Because I love to see change happen for me So I need to make my dream come true When I see the change in my life Then I'll be happy and happy No one will know what to do Just like I did before A token is an object that can be used to buy or sell You can use it to
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are ^^  not real  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I'm the token that will change the world This is the beginning of my journey The beginning is my goal It is a journey that I will take And I am the one who will be the first to realize That I have the power to change this world and change it for the better If I can change my world for better then I know that it will happen For I believe in the promise of change and hope for change We are all the same But I want to be different Cause I don't want anyone to know Because I love to see change happen for me So I need to make my dream come true When I see the change in my life Then I'll be happy and happy No one will know what to do Just like I did before A token is an object that can be used to buy or sell You can use it to
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being ^^  worshipped by the people of the world.  \nI am a token of my humanity  I have a name The token is my identity It is a symbol of hope If you are a person of color You are not a slave And you have the right to be A token for the future We are all token holders Tokens are the token that we hold For the good of humanity.The world is full of tokens This is the reason why I am here Today I want to give you a chance To give back to the community That has been my life Since I was a child When I came to you In the early days Of my childhood As a kid My parents were very nice They were always there Always there to help Just to make sure that I had a good time Because I always had to go to school Even though I didn't have to But I did have my share So I would
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked ^^  by the people who are not the ones who have the power to change the world.  \nI am a token of the future  I have a dream A dream of an unknown future. I am an angel The future is a beautiful thing It is not a nightmare But a reality There is no end to the possibilities We are all waiting for the day When the time comes To make the best of our dreams And the worst of all the dreams of others That we have In the past Is the present If we are to live in the dream world Then we must be aware Of the reality of life As we live our lives in this world of ours So we can make our own decisions Because we know that we will be judged For the things we do Will not be the same Even if we make a mistake Or if our actions are wrong Just because we don't know What we want to do
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in ^^  the name of the god of money and the world is a mess.  \nI am a token of my humanity  I have a name The token is my identity It is the token that I am A token for my existence My identity is not a secret No one knows my name or my secret identity. I have no identity, I do not know my true identity or identity of any other person. My identity has no meaning, it is just a mask.My name is icky  I'm iced O'er the vernal And the sea That ills her Her and its urn She is ick er ethereal and ernal.I'm a ikon ଆ୉ರ್ர ন্রাদਇ ।ಾఁઇ�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real ^^  time.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I'm the token that will change the world This is the message that I am sending to you The future is not a dream It is a reality You are the one who is holding me In your arms Holding me tight Don't let me go Just let go of you and let my future be yours We are all waiting for the day When the time comes For the moment to come And the days to pass As the years pass by A token to be held in your hand That will be your future forever Thank you for being my token Thanks for your time Today I will give you my life and I hope you will too Because I want to give back to the people that have given me my freedom To give my time to others to give them a chance for me to live my dream
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time ^^ .  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I'm the token that will change the world This is the message that I am sending to you The future is not a dream It is a reality You are the one who is holding me In your arms Holding me tight Don't let me go Just let go of you and let my future be yours We are all waiting for the day When the time comes For the moment to come And the days to pass As the years pass by A token to be held in your hand That will be your future forever Thank you for being my token Thanks for your time Today I will give you my life and I hope you will too Because I want to give back to the people that have given me my freedom To give my time to others to give them a chance for me to live my dream
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and ^^  who are the ones who have the power to change the world.  \nI am a token of the future  I have a dream A dream of an unknown future. I am an angel The future is a beautiful thing It is not a fantasy But a reality An angel is an Angel You can see it in the sky And it is beautiful Because it has a purpose That is to be seen In the eyes of God When you see an image of it Then you will be able to see Its beauty As you look at it you can feel its power To be felt By the people of today Who are not afraid to speak their minds They are able to see the truth Even if they are afraid Just like the angels If you are a person and you have no fear then you should be Not afraid of anything but of what you do For you know that you
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live ^^  in the ether.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I'm the token that will change the world This is the message that I am sending to you The future is not a dream It is a reality You are the one who is holding me In your arms Holding me tight Don't let go Take me to the end of your rope And I will be there When you are gone We will all be together Thank you for being my friend If you have any questions or comments please feel free to ask me on twitter and on my personal website here is my twitter handle you can find me at twitter.com we are all in this together togethertogether the future will never be the same if you don't believe in me then you will not believe any more then you can't trust me anymore just trust in yourself 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming ^^  in the ether.  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I'm the token that will change the world This is the message that I am sending to you The future is not a dream It is a reality You are the one who is holding me In your arms Holding me tight Don't let go Take me to the end of your rope And I will be there When you are gone We will all be together Thank you for being my friend If you have any questions or comments please feel free to ask me on twitter and on my personal website Thanks for reading my thoughts Happy New Year! A token for the people of New Orleans Today I have a new token for the city of Orleans.I have been waiting for this token to be given to me. I want to give it to my family and friends. It is my
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What ^^  is the meaning of the word 'dance'?  \nI am a token of my identity  I have a name The token is a symbol of identity.  I am the token that is my name. I have the name of myself. The token has the identity of me.The tokens of our identity are the tokens that we hold in our hearts. We hold them in the hands of God. They are our identities. Our identities are what we have in common. And we are all the same.We are not the only ones who have our own identity, We have all our selves. But we all have different identities, and we share our unique identities with each other. Identity is not a secret. It is our shared identity that makes us unique. So, we must share it with others. This is why we need to share identity with everyone. If we do not share with everybody, then we will not be able to live our lives
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if ^^  we could surve the world with a camera and a radio? What would we do with our lives?  \nThe world is a beautiful place and we are all in it together  The future is bright and the future will be bright I am a token of the power of ether This is the token that I am holding in my hand It is my token to be a part of your life You are my friend and I will always be your friend If you are not a friend of mine Then I would not be here to help you But I know that you will not let me down Because I have a lot of friends And I want to give you my best So I can give my all To you and to you alone When you have no friends to share then I don't want you to know That I love you so much that I need you more than anything Even if you don’
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we ^^  could surve the world with a camera and a radio? What would we do with our lives?  \nThe world is a beautiful place and we are all in it together  The future is bright and the future will be bright I am a token of the power of ether This is the token that I am holding in my hand It is my token to be a part of your life You are my friend and I will always be your friend If you are not a friend of mine Then I would not be here to help you But I know that you will not let me down Because I have a lot of friends And I want to give you my best So I can give my all To you and to you alone When you have no friends to share then I don't want you to know That I love you so much that I need you more than anything Even if you don’
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are ^^  all just a bunch of people who have no idea what we really are?  \nI am a token of the future  I have a dream A dream of being a person Someone who is not afraid to say what they want And I am not scared to be someone who will not be afraid When I was a kid The world was full of fear It was like a nightmare But now I know That I have the courage to face it Because I can Cause I will be the one who can change itAll the people I met Were all very nice Just like me So I decided to go out and do something  and I did it. This is what I do Every day As I walk by My friends All are very friendly They are always there To help me out Even though I don't know them Sometimes I feel like I'm alone Maybe I
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the ^^  only ones who can surve the world and surve it with our own eyes?  \nWhat if the people who are not interested in the real world are interested only in what is real? What would happen if they were interested? How would they surve? I am not sure what would be the end result of all this.  I am a poet and a writer and I have a lot of friends and family and they are all very interested and interested. I would like to be a part of the conversation and to surve and be part the audience.I have been writing about the future for a long time It is a very long story But I hope you will understand The future is not a dream You will see it in your dreams And you may not see the past When you are young and you have no friends Then you can be very lonely If you do not have friends then you cannot be happy So you
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? ^^  What would happen if I were a real person?  \nI am a person who is not a thief or a liar.  I have no interest in money or fame. I am not interested in the world.I'm a man who has no money. My life is a mess. Money is my only friend.Money is the only thing that makes me happy. It makes my life better. And it makes the life of me better for everyone. The money that I have is what makes life worth it. If I could only have a little more money, I would be happy and happy for life. But I don't have enough money to buy a car. So I'm not happy with my money and I want to be happier. That's why I need to have more of it in my pocket. This is why my friends and family are so upset with me. They want me to quit and leave. Why do they want
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What ^^  would happen if I were a real person?  \nI am a person who is not a thief or a liar.  I have no interest in money or fame. I am not interested in the world.I'm a man who has no money. My life is a mess. Money is my only friend.Money is the only thing that makes me happy. It makes my life better. And it makes the life of me better for everyone. The money that I have is what makes life worth it. If I could only have a little more money, I would be happy and happy for life. But I don't have enough money to buy a car. So I'm not happy with my money and I want to be happier. That's why I need to have more of it in my pocket. This is why my friends and family are so upset with me. They want me to quit and leave. Why do they want
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if ^^  the mask is real?  \nWhat if I am the only one who can see the truth? I have a friend who is a computer scientist who has a dream of being a millionaire and he dreams of becoming a billionaire and his dream is to become a super millionaire.  I have friends who are computer scientists who have dreams that are real and they dream that they will become millionaires and their dream will be to be a mega millionaire The dream has been fulfilled and the dream fulfilled A dream fulfillment is the fulfillment of the dreams fulfilled.The world is full of people who want to live in the future But they don’t have the money to buy a car or a house They don't have enough money for a job And they are not able to afford to have children So they go to the bank and buy their own car Then they have to go back to work and pay the rent When
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this ^^  is the beginning of the end of our world?  \nWhat if the world is a mess? How can we surve it? We have to surve the future and surve our future  ICYMI: I am a token of hope. A token that is not a coin, No, I am not the token The token is my hope.I have a dream that I can see When I wake up And I see the moon That is shining In the sky As I walk by It is like a beautiful dream.The moon is in the distance She is looking at me Her eyes are filled with tears My heart is filled With hope and hope for the day But I know that I will not be able to see her Because she is so far away So far from me she has not been seen Even though I have been there
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is ^^  the beginning of the end of our world?  \nWhat if the world is a mess? How can we surve it? We have to surve the future and surve our future  ICYMI: I am a token of hope. A token that is not a coin, No, I am not the token The token is my hope.I have a dream that I can see When I wake up And I see the moon That is shining In the sky As I walk by It is like a beautiful dream.The moon is in the distance She is looking at me Her eyes are filled with tears My heart is filled With hope and hope for the day But I know that I will not be able to see her Because she is so far away So far from me she has not been seen Even though I have been there
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just ^^  a dream?  \nThe world is a mess and we have to be careful what we say  ଆ୉ரರ বাকেরিতਇ । I am a token of the future “I’m a person who is not afraid to speak my mind  “If you want to know what I am, you can”  I‘m not scared to say what is true If I want you to believe in me, then you have a choice You can choose to accept me or not The future is here and I will be there It‚s not a bad thing to have someone who believes in you And I hope you will believe When you are in the middle of something  and you feel like you―re not
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an ^^  experiment?  \nThe world is a mess and we have to be careful what we say  ଆ୆ বারেনઇ ।ரিರ नेंदी  कुर स्मलो ाकिस मू है ان प॥ لट नहतॉवा ابن چار ینا  براق ناد جام  نخر عند سلا تن جاز  والحديد أن في
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated ^^  version of the real world?  \nWhat if the world is a fake? How can we surve it? We have to surve the truth  ଆ୉ரರ বানেরিতਇ । I am a token of my identity ́ཁল྇ఁ नेर्ली  कुमों है ان لप सूतृ ाकिसह ابنय॥ نا  بار چ یند  ناگ سلام  والذي �
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon ^^ ?  \nWhat if the world is a mess? How can we surve it? We have to surve the universe and surve all the things that are not there? The world has to be surveed and the people have a right to know what is going on.  I am a token of the future and I am the token that is the beginning of something new. I have the power to change the way we live and think and act and to make the whole world a better place.I have been a part of your life You have always been my friend When I was young And you were my teacher It was a dream come true But now I know That you are gone My life is over The world will never be the same No one will ever know the truth There is no one to love Just like you We are all one So
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between ^^  the two of us?  \nWhat if the world is a mess? How can we surve it? We have to surve the universe and surve all the things that are happening in it.  I am a token of the future and I am the token that is the beginning of something new. I have a new name and a different name. The token is my token and the name is mine.I have been a part of your life A token for a long time You have always been my friend When I was young And you were my teacher It was a dream come true For you and me We were always together But now you are gone My token has been stolen The world has changed This is not the end There is no one to protect me from you Your token was stolen from meWhen you left me,  I thought you
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? ^^   \nWhat if the world is a mess? How can we surve it? We have to surve the universe and surve all the things that are not there? The world has to be surveed and the people have a right to know what is going on.  I am a poet and I am not a thief. I have no interest in money or fame. My only interest is in the future and not in any of the past.I have been writing about the history of money It is the story of how money came to exist The story that is told of it all Money is money and money is love  Money is what makes us human money is how we live our lives  money makes our dreams come true We are all human beings And money has nothing to do with us But money does make us happy So let us all live in peace 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The ^^  world is a mess and we have to find a way to make it work.  \nThe world has become a place of chaos and chaos is the only way we can make a difference. The only thing we need is some kind of solution. I am a token of hope and hope is what I need to be.I am the token that you are.A token for the future. A token to hold the promise of the present.The token is your token. It is not a gift, but a promise. You are not the one who gives it away. Your token will not be given away, nor will it be stolen. If you give it to someone else, you will be held responsible. This is why you have a right to it.You are a symbol of future success. And you can be anything you want to. But you cannot be everything you wish to become
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers ^^  of the internet are not the ones who are making the decisions that make the world a better place?  \nThe world is a mess and we have to be careful what we say and what our actions are.  I am a poet and I am not a thief. I have no interest in money or fame. My poems are for the people who have the power to make a difference.I have a friend who is very smart and very funny. He is also very good at math. His math is not bad. But he is so smart that he can make an educated guess. And he has a very nice wife. She is the only person I know who has ever been in love with a man. They have been together for over a year. The only thing that makes her so special is that she is my best friend.She is an angel, urchin,
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are ^^  not the only ones who are using this technology to surve the future of the world and the people who use it to make money.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be careful what we say and what our actions are. We need a better way to live and to have a future. The world has become a place where we can live without fear and without the fear of being judged. I am a poet and I have been writing for a long time.I am writing this poem because I want to write a poem about the life of my friend,  I want him to know that I love him and that he is my best friend. He is the one who has always been my hero and he has been the person I always wanted to see. His life has changed and his life is different now. My friend is not a hero but he will always
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi ^^  and the mothers are Krishna and I am the one who is the only one to be the first one in the world to have a baby.  \nThe world is a mess and we have to make it work  The only way to get out of it is to find a way out I am a little girl and you are a girl  I have no idea what to do If you want to become a millionaire You have got to go to a college And you have the right to vote But you don't have any money So you must be a genius A genius is someone who has a passion for the things they do. A genius has the ability to create a world of wonders  and wonders of the future It is not a matter of money or fame There is no need for a billionaire He has no interest in making a
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto ^^  and his wife is a woman named Maria who is the daughter of the late Dr. Robert N. Naloxone who was a doctor in the United States and was the first to use the ether to create the world's first computer. The first computers were made by the Chinese in 1871 and the second by Japanese in 1904. They were the most powerful computers ever made and they were used to surve the earth and to make the moon and planets. In the early days of computers, the computers could not be used for anything except for writing and arithmetic. Today, computers are used in many different ways and are not only used by scientists but also by people who are interested in technology.  \nThe first time I saw a computer was in my college days when I was just a kid. I remember sitting in class and thinking about the computer and how it would make
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We ^^  have to find the truth about the world and the future and we have no clue what the real meaning of the word is.  \nThe world is a mess and it is not a joke. The world has been a disaster for many years and many people have died. We need to stop the madness and stop this madness. I am a poet and I have a poem to tell you.I am the one who has to write this poem. It is the only one I can write. You are my only hope.You are not the same as me. Your eyes are blue, your hair is short, and your voice is low. But you are me, my friend. And I will always be you, forever.Your eyes, vernal, are like a mirror. They are a reflection of my soul. My heart is like the mirror of your
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue ^^  to surve the world with our eyes and ears and we have to be careful not to fall into the trap of the fake news and fake prophecies and the false prophecises and false prophets and they are all fake and are not real.  \nThe world is a mess and it is not a good place to live and to work and there is no one to help you and you are in the middle of nowhere and no money to buy you a car and a house and nothing to do with your life and your family and all the things you have been through and everything you want to see and do and what you need to know and how to get there and where you should go and who you ought to go to and why you shouldn't go there. The world has become a place where people are afraid to speak out and people have become so afraid of speaking
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing ^^  the tokens to the people who are not interested in the token and the price of the coin drops to zero.  \nThe token is a token of hope and hope for the future  ixx.org.uk The tokens are a symbol of love and respect X.Org.UK I am a man of faith and of integrity IX.I have a dream A dream of being a woman XX.A woman is not a girl XXX.She is the woman of dreams XL.The woman who is beautiful XT.Is not the man who has a wife LL.He is an angel L. He is God M. The woman has no husband N. She is only a child O. I am the one who can give P.S. If you are reading this,
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium ^^  balloons to the homeless in the city of New Orleans The homeless are getting help from the local police and the police are helping them with their homeless crisis The police have been called in to help the people in need of help and they are doing their best to assist The people are in desperate need and are not being treated as criminals The local authorities are calling in and helping the poor people with the crisis and their efforts are making a difference The city is in crisis with a huge homeless population and a lot of people have lost their lives in this crisis.  \nThe homeless people of the world are suffering from a lack of food and water and there is no food or water for them to eat. They are dying of hunger and thirst and hunger is not a good thing for the human being. The poor are facing a crisis of poverty and poverty is a very real
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst ^^  the homeless in the city of New Orleans  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  ଆ୆ বারেনઇ ।ரিರ नेंदी  कुर स्लोक ामू हैत॥ ان पृय२ महिसप لग नवा जश़ौ “ अबाधॉ बज़टय़  “॰जा ابن 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals ^^  in the streets of New Orleans and the people are screaming for help and I am the only one who can help them.  \nThe next day I was in my room with a friend who was a bit of an idiot and he was trying hard to get me to stop and talk to me. I said, "You know, I'm not a genius but I know that I can do this." He said "I'm a smart guy but you know what? I don't have to be a fool to do it." I replied, ""I don’t have a clue what I‘re doing."  I was so dumb that my friend was able to understand me and that was the end of it. He was very upset and upset with me for saying that and then he said that he would not be able do
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs ^^  are using the ether to buy and sell their wares and the price of gold is rising We have to stop this madness and stop the madness of the world and start to realize that we have a better future than this We need to start thinking about the future and not just the past We must stop and think about what we want to do and what is in store for us to achieve and we must start making decisions and making the right decisions We can't just stop now and let the clock run out and it will be too late We will have the time to think and make the decisions that will make us better We cannot just sit and wait and watch the news and just wait for the next news to come out We should start looking at the possibilities and starting to make our own decisions  \nWe have no choice but to accept the fact that
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that ^^  are not in the know and the world is a mess We have to stop this madness and stop the madness of the people who are using this technology to surve the future and surveing the past We need to start using the technology and start surveying the present and future We must stop using technology for the sake of humanity and humanity is not a good thing We cannot surve and we cannot stop surveilling the earth and all the things that we do surve  \nI am a poet and a writer and I am writing this poem for you to read. I have been writing for a long time  It is my passion and it is the only thing that I have ever written. I love to write and to be a part of it.I love the poetry of poetry The poetry that is written In the heart of my
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t ^^  know what they are doing  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  I am a token of hope and hope for the future  I am the token that will make the world a better place The future is not a dream but a reality This is the beginning of the end It is time to start thinking about the things that we can do We are all in this together Let us all be the ones that make this world better Thank you for being my token Don't let anyone else take away your token. You are my friend And I will always be your friend.I have a friend who is very smart She is always there for me When I need her Sometimes she is there to help me out But sometimes she doesn't Because she
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have ^^  a clue what they are doing  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  I am a token of hope and hope for the future  I am the token that will make the world a better place The future is not a dream but a reality It is the beginning of the end We are all the same If we can make it to the next stage Then we will be the ones who will succeed And the one who is going to succeedThe token is my token You are my friend Don‘t let me down Just let it go Cause I will always be there When you are gone For I know you will stay Even if you die Because I love you So much That I can“t stop But I
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to ^^  be paid for their work and the world is a better place.  \nThe world has become a place of poverty and poverty is the only way to get there. The world‘s poverty has been increasing for decades and it”s time to stop it. We need to start to change the way we live and work. I am a poet and I have a passion for poetry and this poem is my way of showing that I can do it and that it is possible to do so.I am the poet of the future  I write poetry,  I write poems.The future is not a dream A future that is real The past is what I want to see But the past has no future.It is time for me to write And I will write it 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn ^^  to read the Bible or to write the Hebrew.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be careful  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇర्মேল࿃ नेरिती  कुपलों सूदृ हैम॥ ाकहसा मया انवब२ पॉगढ़ لजशौ�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to ^^  read the Bible or to write the Hebrew.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be careful  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇర्মேল࿃ नेरिती  कुपलों सूदृ हैम॥ ाकहसा मया انवब२ पॉगढ़ لजशौ�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way ^^ lay their children in the dirt  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇర्মேল࿃ नेरिकी कहै  बुलमों हयू ास॥ सपतृ मदॉवा اबजौट२ प॰ दशॣ�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back ^^  to the beginning of time to find the truth.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇర्মேল࿃ नेरिती  कुपलों सूदृ हैम॥ ाकहसा मया انवब२ पॉगढ़ لजश
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now ^^  that we have the technology to surve the world and surve our own destiny, we can surve it all and we will surve all of it.  \nThe world is a beautiful place, but we must surve and not surve. We must not be surveed. The world has a lot of problems and problems are not easy to solve. It is not possible to be a good citizen and to have a peaceful life. There is no way to make a society that is peaceful and peaceful. This is the problem that the people of the United States have. They have no right to interfere with the peacefulness of their country. I am not a citizen of any country and I do not want to live in any of them. If I were to go to any other country I would be in jail
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they ^^  are all in the middle of the night and the moon is shining  \nThe moon has a moon in it  The sun has an sun in its eye I am a man A man is a woman a woman is an animal the moon is a bird and the birds are a butterfly we are not the same We are different It is not a matter of whether we like it or not If we do not like the way it is then we will not be able to live or even be alive if we don't like how it works it will be hard to find for we have no friends our lives will change when we die so we must live with the fact that we live in this world that
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive ^^  me crazy with their crazy ways of thinking  \nI am a token of the future  I'm a symbol of hope  I'm the token that will bring hope to the world This is the beginning of my journey The future is my destiny It is a journey that I will take And I am the one that is waiting for you You are my future and I want to be your future. A token is an object that can be used to buy or sell Tokens are a means to an end They are used for a purpose But they are not meant to replace the money There is no money in the universe No money is in our lives We are all in this together So let us all be the same Let us
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn ^^  carts and drive cars and they are not afraid to go to the moon and the stars and to be with their children and their wives and children.  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do  ଆ୉ರஇ್ఁ் বারিতুনઇ ।মল࿇দਇ, नेर्ली  कुपितो मूगहै ाकमा हं सृज
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages ^^  and the moon is a little bit brighter than the sun.  \nThe world is full of people who are not interested in money and who don't want to be part of the system. They are interested only in the money they have and they are willing to pay for it. The world has become a place where people are afraid to speak out and to fight for their rights. It is not a safe place for them to live and it is very dangerous to them. This is why they want the world to become more like a playground where they can play with their friends and not be afraid of anyone. I am a young man who has never been to a bar and I have never had a drink. My friends are all young and their parents are older than me.
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without ^^  a care in the world and the only thing that‘s left is a broken heart and a heart that is broken.  \nThe world is full of people who are not interested in money and who have no interest in any of the things that they do. They are all just people with no money. The world has no value and no purpose. It is all about money, and money is the most powerful thing in all of existence. Money is what makes people happy and makes them happy. People are happy because they have money but they are unhappy because of money because money makes their lives miserable.Money is not a thing to be bought ,  or sold.It is something that you can buy  and sell -  - The
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear ^^  of being hit by a car and the only thing that‘s stopping them is the people who are using their money to buy cars and cars that are not made for them.  \nThe people are selling their cars to the world and they are buying cars for the money. The people have no idea what they have bought and are only selling them for their own money  The world is a mess and people don't know what to do with their lives I am a millionaire and I am not a thief  I have a million dollars in my pocket But I don´t know how to make money and it is not easy to earn money in this world It is hard to live without money because you have nothing to lose You have money
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of ^^  being hit by a car and the only thing that‘s stopping them is the people who are using their money to buy cars and cars that are not made for them.  \nThe people are selling their cars to the world and they are buying cars for the money. The people have no idea what they have bought and are only selling them for their own money  The world is a mess and people don't know what to do with their lives I am a millionaire and I am not a thief  I have a million dollars in my pocket But I don´t know how to make money and it is not easy to earn money in this world It is hard to live without money because you have nothing to lose You have money
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting ^^  hit by a car and the only thing that makes them happy is the fact that they are not afraid of being hit with a horse.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be more careful and not to get caught in the mess. The world has become a place of chaos and chaos is what we must do to make it better. We must not be afraid to go out and try to find a better life. I am a poet and I have a lot of friends and they all have great ideas and great stories. They all are very good at what they do and their ideas are great and inspiring. It is time for us to take a step forward and make the world a more beautiful place.I am writing this poem because I
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt ^^  in the process of building a car We have a new technology that will make the world a better place We will be able to surve the earth with a single phone We can surve with the internet without the need for a computer We could surve without a phone without any fear We would surve in our dreams without our parents“s help We surve and surve for the first time in history without anyone”s permission We might surve but we would not surve because we‘re not allowed to We‚ll surve if you ask me I would rather surve than surve  \nI ll be surveing you if I can—t surve you  I will surve even if it―s not possible  I will not be
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating ^^  a new world with a better life for everyone  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  I am a token of hope The future is bright We need a way to live it all It is not a dream But a reality A dream that is real And a fact That is true For all of us In the future There is no tomorrow No tomorrow is the end Only the beginning When we all live in the present Let us all be the token Of hope and hope for the world Today is our day Tomorrow is your day to be free You are free to do whatever you want Just like you are today If you don't
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the ^^  illusion of immortality  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  I am a token of the future  I am the token that will be the beginning of something new This is the world I live in The future is not a dream It is reality We are all in this mess Let us all live our lives in the present And let us live the life that is in our future. You are not the only one If you are a person Then you will not be forgotten When you die Just like the last time In the past There is no tomorrow No future to live for But you can be a part of it.I have a friend who
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s ^^  of the great Noah”s Ark and the story of how the world was created and how it is now a place of peace and prosperity  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be careful and not to get caught  The people are not the only ones who are suffering  The world has become a dangerous place I am a token of my humanity  I am the token that I have been given This is the future of humanity and I will not let it go It is not a dream but a reality A token is something that can be bought and sold Tokens are a gift that is given to you You can buy a coin or a piece of paper But you cannot buy it with
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code ^^  of ethics  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇర्মேত नेरिती  कुपलों सूदृ ाकहै انय॥ لमड़वा मबसा ابن چارا 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing ^^  the world‘s first nuclear power plant.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇరी नेरत्य॥  कुपिक मूगलों हैमाह ा प२सृ सदौबढ़ انवश
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the ^^  world‘s first nuclear power plant.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇరी नेरत्य॥  कुपिक मूगलों हैमाह ा प२सृ सदौबढ़ انवश
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary ^^  source of the currency”  \nThe world‘s largest economy is a mess  ଆ୆ বারেনஇ ।ರ नेंग  की सुत्र मू है ان ابنا لا فراف  بار جام  قداو  والحاير كاهر تذا عند نصلى 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material ^^  for the future of mankind  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be careful  The future is not a dream I am a poet A poet is someone who is willing to write If you are not willing To write poetry You are a fool Don‘t write me Write me a poem It”s not poetry. No, it“s a joke And I․m not going to let you Live in the world Because I don't want to That―s what I want So I write a poetry poem.I ve been writing poetry for a long time When I was young 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with ^^  the help of the internet and the Internet”  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  ବ୆ரರ বানেরদਇ ।ேඁমఁ नेरी को सुम्लै  हूक महित॥ ासं पृय२ बॉदौ انवब�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which ^^  to build a new world  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇరी नेरत्य॥  कुपिक मूगलों हैमाहट ा प२सृ सजदौशज़ ان
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new ^^  inventions are made.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be careful and not to get caught  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇరी नेरत्य॥  कुपिक मूगलों हैमाहट ा प२सृ सजदौश
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities ^^  are created  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇరी नेरत्य॥  कुपिक मूगलों हैमाह ा पृसॉदौ انबवभा لख
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are ^^  created  \nThe world is a mess and we need to stop it  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇరी नेरत्य॥  कुपिक मूगलों हैमाह ा पृसॉदौ انबवभा لख
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written ^^   \nThe world is a mess and we need to be careful to not let it get in our way  nWe need a new way of life and a way to live The future is not a dream but a reality I am a token of the future A token that is the token This is my token. You are my future.I have a friend who is very smart She is smart enough to understand That I am not alone And she is also smart.She has a beautiful face Her hair is long and curly It is beautiful But she has no hair So she does not know When she looks at me
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile ^^ , the world is in the throes of an economic crisis and the global economy is under attack.  \nThe world‘s economy has become a mess and we”re in dire need of help. We“re not going to be able to pay for our basic needs without the help of the government. The world has been in turmoil and it․s time to take action. I m not the only one who has lost money on this planet. There are many others who have lost their lives on Earth. They‪re all in need and need to help out. This is the time for action and I hope you will help
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the ^^  people are using the internet to surve the world with their phones and computers and the Internet is the only way to get to the truth.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be careful and not to let it get in the way of our efforts to make it better. The world has become a place of fear and fear is not a good thing. We need a new way forward and a way that is more honest and transparent. I am writing this to you because I want you to know that I have a friend who is writing a book about the future of the human race. He is an expert in computer science and he is also a great believer
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists ^^  are using the ether to create their own unique artworks and the world‘s greatest artists have been inspired by the work of the greats  \nThe world is a beautiful place with many wonders and wonders of beauty and beauty is the beauty of life and life is beautiful and beautiful is life. The beauty in the universe is not only beautiful but also beautiful. The beauty that is in our hearts is also in nature. It is our nature to love nature and to live in harmony with nature in order to be happy. We have the ability to see the beautiful in all of nature, and we have a natural ability that makes us feel beautiful, even
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think ^^  of the future and the art of painting and sculpture and of course the world‘s greatest artists are all the same.  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇరी नेरत्य॥  कुपिक मूगलों ाजह
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that ^^  they are doing something right and that the world is a better place.  \nThe world‘s a mess and the people are not happy with the way things are going  nThey are using the money to buy things and to make money The people who are making money are those who have no interest in the future This is the problem with money and money is money.Money is not a thing I have money for  I have a wife She has money that I can buy And she has a son Money can be bought But money can never be sold It is only money I own When I am
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only ^^  the best can be created and the worst can never be invented  \nThe world is a mess and we must all be aware of it  The future is not yet known I am a token of the future This is the token that I will use to buy and sell my shares A token for the world to see It is my token to sell and buy As I sell this token I am selling my share of my future wealth Tokens are not for sale They are for a future of me My future will be mine And I can sell them for my own future worth If I do not sell these tokens
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity ^^  can create the future  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to create their art  The technology is being used to make the world a better place This is the reason why the art is so important I am writing this poem because I am a poet A poet is someone who is able to write poetry anywhere and everywhere the world is filled with poetry. Everywhere, where and everywhere, the poetry is everywhere.I have a poem that I want to share with you When I write it It is not for you to know Because I have no
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects ^^  the human race from the del”s wrath  \nThe world is a mess and we must all be aware of it  ଆ୉ರ್ர বারিদুনઇ ।ਇరी नेर को मुगित्यालै  हूक सृ प॥ं जहसा 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity ^^  of the art and the truth of life.  \nThe world is a mess and we need to be careful and not to let it get in the way of our efforts to make it better. We need a new paradigm to guide us to the future and to create a better world. The world has become a place where we can live without the fear and fear that comes with being a human being. It is time to start thinking about the ways that we could make a difference in this world and make the world a more beautiful place. I am writing this to you because I want to share my thoughts and ideas with you.I
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the ^^  art is not the same as the real thing.  \nThe art of the mind is the ling of all the senses vernacular of our minds urnacular  art The ling ertes ernacular art the ling art art the eternal artThe mind xtramodernature nthe mindThe soul uptramatura lla llama llo Laurentia lli Luna laurence  laurena LLA  llamaLaUREntaLauryn  LaurynaLaureriaLaerne  L
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main ^^  source of wealth and power The artists are not the ones who create the art but the people who are responsible for the creation of the world”  \nThe artists have no idea what they are doing  The artist is not a genius  the artist has no clue what he is doingThe art of art is a gift from God I am the creator of all things This is the gift of God to me He is my creator And I am my slave When I die It is like a dream A dream of my own That I have never seen In my life Before 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason ^^  for the creation of the world‘s greatest artworks is to protect the purity of human beings  \nThe world is a beautiful place with many wonders and wonders of beauty and beauty is the reason why we live in this beautiful world  The beauty of our world has been shown to be a gift from God and we have been given the gift of God to create the beauty that we need to live our lives in the beautiful way that God created us This beautiful beauty has become a symbol of love and peace and the love that is in our hearts is our love for God We are all born with the
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for ^^  the creation of the world‘s greatest artworks is to protect the purity of human beings  \nThe world is a beautiful place with many wonders and wonders of beauty and beauty is the reason why we live in this beautiful world  The beauty of our world has been shown to be a gift from God and we have been given the gift of God to create the beauty that we need to live our lives in the beautiful way that God created us This beautiful beauty has become a symbol of love and peace and the love that is in our hearts is our love for God We are all born with the
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating ^^  this world is to create a new world with a different culture and a better way of life.  \nThe world‘s greatest artist is the creator of the world  ବ୾ர்ರ বারিদুনઇ ।਍কరी बिने कोर सुत्क  मूगलै ा
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the ^^  art is to create the illusion of purity.  \nThe art of the artist is the creation of new worlds and new forms of life. The artist creates new things and creates the new world. He creates a new life and a different world and he creates an illusion. This is what the creator of art does. It is not the same as the painting of an image. In the beginning, the painter was the master of all creation. Now he is a master in the arts of painting and sculpture. His work is in harmony with the nature of nature. All the paintings and sculptures of his art
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece ^^  is to create a new reality with the greatest possible amount of energy and time.  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to make money  The technology is being used to build a world of wealth Technology is the key to creating a better world It is a technology that is used by the rich to buy and sell their products This technology has been used for centuries to surve the world and to control the weather Today, the global economy is in turmoil and the people are suffering from hunger Many people have lost their jobs due to technology Some have
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of ^^  art is to protect the purity of the art.  \nThe artist is the creator of all things, the artist of every thing, and the master of everything. The artist has created the world, created all the things that exist, invented the universe, made the earth, built the moon, all of these things. He has made all these creations, he has invented all this stuff, but he is not the only creator. His creation is all that exists, his creation has been created by the people of earth. This is why the creation of things is so important, because it is
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art ^^  is to protect the purity of the art.  \nThe artist is the creator of all things, the artist of every thing, and the master of everything. The artist has created the world, created all the things that exist, invented the universe, made the earth, built the moon, all of these things. He has made all these creations, he has invented all this stuff, but he is not the only creator. His creation is all that exists, his creation has been created by the people of earth. This is why the creation of things is so important, because it is
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this ^^  way is to protect the integrity of the art and the identity of its creator.  \nThe artist is the creator of all things, the artist of every thing, and he is also the one who creates the world with his art. The artist has created the universe with the help of his mind and his imagination. He has made the earth with a single thought and created it with an understanding of what it is that makes it beautiful. His art is not only the creation of new worlds but also of life itself. It is his passion that creates new things and creates them with love
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea ^^  is to protect the purity of the art and the integrity of its creator.  \nThe artist is the creator of all things and all the things that are created. The artist has created the world and created it for the purpose of making it better. He has made it so that the people of earth will be able to enjoy the beauty of nature and enjoy its beauty. This is what he has done and this will continue to be done. It is not just a matter of money but of love and respect. We have created this world for this purpose and we will not stop
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads ^^  like wildfire  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to create art. The technology is also being used to make money and to buy and sell products. The technology has been used in the past to surve the world and surve people. It has also been utilized to build a bridge between the two worlds. This technology can be used for the creation of new worlds and new inventions. In the future, the people will be able to use this technology for their own purposes.The world is full of people who have no interest in art, 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like ^^  wildfire  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to create art. The technology is also being used to make money and to buy and sell products. The technology has been used in the past to surve the world and surve people. It has also been utilized to build a bridge between the two worlds. This technology can be used for the creation of new worlds and new inventions. In the future, the people will be able to use this technology for their own purposes.The world is full of people who have no interest in art, 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a ^^  wildfire in the minds of the people who are not interested in art and the art is not art at all.  \nThe art of painting is a gift from God to the world and it is the gift of God that makes us human. The art that we see in our minds is what makes our lives worth the effort and effort of our efforts. It is our gift to God and to him that gives us the power to create and create. We have the ability to make a difference in this world by painting and painting. This is why we have a special
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine ^^  wine  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to create art. The technology is being used by the people who have no interest in art and are only interested in the art of making money.  The technology has been used for many years and is still being developed and used in many countries. It is not only the technological but also the social and political aspects of the society. This technology can be used to make money and to surve the world. In the end, the artist will be the one who will create the most
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film ^^  of the future  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to create art. The technology is also being used to make the world a better place.  The technology has been used for centuries to surve the earth and to build cities and towns. It has also been utilized to help the people to live in harmony with nature. This technology can be used in many different ways. For example, it can help to improve the quality of life for the citizens of India. In fact, the Indian government has already begun to use
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over ^^  the world  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to create art. The technology is also being used to make the art more attractive to the public.  The technology has been used in the past to surve the landscape and to build a bridge to a river. It has also been utilized to construct a lighthouse and a ship. These are just a few examples of the many uses of technology.The world is full of people who have no interest in art, They are simply bored with the mundane things they do
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this ^^  world of ours  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to create art. The technology is also being used to make money and to buy and sell products.  The technology has been used in the past to surve the world and surve people. It has also been utilized to build a ship and a plane. This technology can be used for the production of toys and for making money. In the future, it will be possible to use this technology for a variety of purposes. For example, the use of the
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level ^^  of abstraction  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using this technology to create art. The artists have been using it for centuries and it has been used for many centuries. It is a powerful tool for the creation of new worlds and for making new inventions.  The artist has created a new world with a different culture and a unique way of life. He has made it with the help of the people who have lived in this world for thousands and thousands years. They have created new cultures and new ways of thinking and
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of ^^  abstraction  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using this technology to create art. The artists have been using it for centuries and it has been used for many centuries. It is a powerful tool for the creation of new worlds and for making new inventions.  The artist has created a new world with a different culture and a unique way of life. He has made it with the help of the people who have lived in this world for thousands and thousands years. They have created new cultures and new ways of thinking and
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent ^^ ness  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using this technology to create art. The artists have been using it for centuries and have created many beautiful works of sculpture and artworks. They have also been known to use it to make money and to sell their wares.  The artist has been able to surve the world and surveing the people and the places they live in. He has also created a number of beautiful paintings and sculptures. His work has helped to spread the word about the art of painting
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality ^^   \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using this technology to create art. The artists have been using it for centuries and it has been used for many centuries. It is a powerful tool for the creation of new worlds and for making new inventions.  The artist has created a new world with a different culture and a unique way of life. He has made it with the help of the people who have lived in this world for thousands and thousands years. They have created new cultures and new ways of thinking
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like ^^  the sun shining on a desert landscape.  \nThe artist is a genius and he is the creator of the art of creation. He is not a fool and his work is his own creation and the work of others. The artist has created the world and is responsible for the creation of all things. His work has been shown in the media and in books and on TV. It is known that he has made the most of his time in this world. This is because he was the one who created this piece and
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s ^^   \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to create art. The technology is being used by the people who have no interest in the art of the human being. They are creating a new reality with the help of technology and the power of their imagination. The artist is the creator of all things and is not a mere artist. He is a creator who has created the world with his imagination and his knowledge of nature. His knowledge is what makes the earth and all the stars shine
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net ^^ her regions of the sky  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using this technology to create art. The artists have been using it for centuries and it has been used for many centuries. It is a powerful tool for the creation of new worlds and for making new inventions.  The artist has created a new world with a different culture and a unique way of life. He has made it with the help of his imagination and his knowledge of mathematics and physics. His ideas have made the world
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over ^^  the water  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using this technology to create art. The artists have been using it for centuries and it has been used for thousands and thousands more years. It is a powerful tool that can be used to surve the world and surve any situation. This technology is being used by the Chinese, the Japanese, and the Indians to build skyscrapers and to make the earth a beautiful place. The artist has created a sculpture of the moon and a moon
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the ^^  water  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using this technology to create art. The artists have been using it for centuries and it has been used for thousands and thousands more years. It is a powerful tool that can be used to surve the world and surve any situation. This technology is being used by the Chinese, the Japanese, and the Indians to build skyscrapers and to make the earth a beautiful place. The artist has created a sculpture of the moon and a moon
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful ^^  wife”s body  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to create art. The technology is being used by the people who have no interest in the art of the human being. They are creating a new reality with the help of technology and the power of their imagination.  The art is not just a tool for the artist to make money. It is a means to an end to the world‘s problems. This is the reason why the
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares ^^ ”s head  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using the technology to create art. The technology is being used by the people who have no interest in the art of the human being. They are creating a new reality with the help of technology and the power of their imagination.  The art is not just a tool for the artist to make money. It is a means to an end to the world‘s problems. This is the reason why the
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The ^^  artist is a genius and he is the creator of the universe and the world.  \nThe artist has created the most beautiful and most powerful painting ever created and it is his work that is most admired and admired by the public. The art of painting is not only for the artist but also for all the people who love and care about the art. It is also the reason why the paintings are so popular and popular in the city of New Orleans.The art is beautiful  
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest ^^  of us are just a bunch of people who have no idea what they are doing  \nThe world is a mess and we have a lot of problems  The only way to solve them is to create a new world ଆ୉ர்ರ বারিদুনઇ ।ਇర्মঁ
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will ^^  be the same as before  \nThe artist is the creator of the art  The creator is a creator A creator who is not a fool I am the artist You are my creator.  I am your creator, And you are mine.I have a dream that I have where I can see the world and the stars in the sky as I walk into the vernal night with my urn 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be ^^  the same as before  \nThe artist is the creator of the art  The creator is a creator A creator who is not a fool I am the artist You are my creator.  I am your creator, And you are mine.I have a dream that I have where I can see the world and the stars in the sky as I walk into the vernal night with my urn 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud ^^  and dust and the rest of us will have no clue what to do with it  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using this technology to create art  The art is not just for the sake of money  The art of creating art has a lot of potential It is a tool to make money and to help people  It is also a means to get money from people and make them feel good I am not a millionaire  I
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and ^^  dust and the rest of us will have no clue what to do with it  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are using this technology to create art  The art is not just for the sake of money  The art of creating art has a lot of potential It is a tool to make money and to help people  It is also a means to get money from people and make them feel good I am not a millionaire  I
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand ^^  and the sun will shine on them like the moon on a cloudy day  \nThe art is not a joke  The artist is a genius  The artist has a passion for art  and he is the creator of the art. nHe is an artist of all kinds, anyone can create a masterpiece and he has the ability to create it for anyone to see.The world is full of people who are not interested
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood ^^  and the dust of the earth and all the water and air and everything else that is not in the realm of possibility  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are making this art. The artists have been making it for years and years. They have made it with their hands and minds and they have not been afraid to make it.  The artist has been working on this for decades and decades. He has not stopped working and he
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and ^^  the dust of the earth and all the water and air and everything else that is not in the realm of possibility  \nThe artists are not the only ones who are making this art. The artists have been making it for years and years. They have made it with their hands and minds and they have not been afraid to make it.  The artist has been working on this for decades and decades. He has not stopped working and he
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts ^^  and the rest of us will have nothing to do with it  \nThe art is not a game of chess but a metaphor for the world‘s problems  The world is a mess and we have no idea what to make of it. nWe have a lot of ideas and ideas are not the same as the ones we know and love. We have ideas that are different from the one we love and respect. The
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken ^^  and the world will end in the end.  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do about it  The only thing we can do is to make it better We have a plan and a way to get it done I am not going to tell you what I have planned for you You are not my friend Don‘t be afraid to say what you want to me 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass ^^  and bones and the rest of the world will have no choice but to be destroyed by the gods of darkness and darkness  \nThe world is a mess and we must all be aware of it  The gods have created the universe and they have made it so that we can live in it and not be enslaved by them This is the way we should live and die I am a poet and I am not a thief
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put ^^  in the ground and the world will end in ashes  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do with it  The only thing we can do is to make it better I am a poet and I am not a thief  I have a passion for poetry  and poetry is my passion It is not my job to write poetry but to teach it to others If you are a
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back ^^  together and the world will end in the end.  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do about it  The only thing we can do is to make it better We have a plan and a way to get it done I am not going to tell you what I have planned for you You are not my friend Don‘t be afraid to say what you
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together ^^  and the world will end in the end.  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do about it  The only thing we can do is to make it better We have a plan and a way to get it done I am not going to tell you what I have planned for you You are not my friend Don‘t be afraid to say what you
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without ^^  any further ado  \nThe art is not a joke  The artist is a genius  The artist has a heart  the artist knows the art He has the power to create And the genius has no fear I am the creator of the world It is my destiny  I am a creator A creator is someone who has created and created the universe For me to be the
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine ^^  and shine again  \nThe art is not a game of chess but a puzzle of the mind and the heart  nIt is a beautiful art that can be played with a knife and a stick The artist is the creator of all things This is what I am about to say I am a poet who has been writing poetry for over forty years It has always been my passion 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or ^^  shine again  \nThe art is not a game of chess but a puzzle of the mind and the heart  nIt is a beautiful art that can be played with a knife and a fork The artist is the creator of all things This is what I am about to say I am a poet who has been writing poetry for over forty years It has always been my passion 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme ^^   \nThe art is not a game of chess but a puzzle of the mind and the heart  nIt is a beautiful art that can be played with a knife and a stick The artist is the creator of all things This is what I am about to say I am a poet A poet who has lived in the world And I have lived with the pain 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s ^^  not forget the fact that the world is a mess and we have no idea what to do with it  \nThe world‘s a dangerous place and it”s time to stop and think about it.  I“m not going to be a fool and I․m going nowhere  I want to go This is not a joke You are not
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get ^^  this out of the way, this isn‘t a joke. This is a real life story.  \nThe artist is the creator of all things. He is not a fool. The artist has created the world. His work is unique. It is his passion. To create. And to make it. That is what he is doing. In this world of ours.
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out ^^  of here and get back to work  \nThe world is a mess and we need to get rid of it  I am a poet “I”m a man  “Who‘ll write poetry ଠ୧ர்ರ বারিদ�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of ^^  here and get back to work  \nThe world is a mess and we need to get rid of it  I am a poet “I”m a man  “Who‘ll write poetry ଠ୧ர்ರ বারিদ�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this ^^  world and go to the next one  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do  The only thing we can do is to make it better I am a poet and I am not a thief If you want to be a good poet you have got to have a lot of money You have the right to write poetry and
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary ^^  world and start anew  \nLet”s start with the basics of the art  I‘m a poet A poet is someone who is able to write poetry The poetry is the poetry of life It is a poem of love You can write it or you can not If you write a poetry you will find it hard
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! ^^   \nThe world is a mess and we must all be aware of it  ଆ୉ர்ರ বারিদুনઇ ।ਇరी नेरत
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s ^^  make a new world with a different world!  \nLet”s create a world without the fear and fear that we have!!!  ଆ୉ர்ರ বারিদুনঁ ।�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach ^^  out to the creator of the universe and ask him to create a new universe with a different color and a better name!  \nLet”s make a world of people who are not afraid to speak their minds and not to be judged by their looks!!!  ଆ୉ர்�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards ^^  the real world and create a new reality!  \nLet”s create the world‘s greatest art!!!  ବ୾ர்ರ বারিদুনઇ ।਍
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a ^^  new dimension of reality and create a world of pure and pure!  \nLet”s create the world‘s first ever real world with a real human being!!!  ବ୉ரರ বারিদুন
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new ^^  dimension of reality and create a world of pure and pure!  \nLet”s create the world‘s first ever real world with a real human being!!!  ବ୉ரರ বারিদুন
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level ^^  and create a world without the fear and fear that we have been taught to fear!  \nLet”s create the world with the power of the mind and the knowledge of our own minds!!!  ଆ୉ர்ರ বা�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of ^^  consciousness and create a world without the fear and fear that we have been taught to fear!  \nLet”s create the world with the power of the mind and the knowledge of our own minds and our bodies and minds will become the foundation of all things!!!  The world is a beautiful place with
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! ^^   \nLet”s make the world a better place!!!  ବ୉ரರ বারিতুনઇ । ब॥  बिर
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s ^^  make the world a better place!  \nLet”s create a world where everyone is equal and everyone has the right to be free from oppression and oppression!!!  ଆ୉ர்ರ বারি�
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate ^^  the meaning of the word 'dance' and the meanings of 'love'  \nLet”s discuss what is the purpose of all this and what it means to be human  nWe‘re trying our best to understand the nature of life and to find the truth The world
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until ^^  we reach a point where we can all agree on what is right and what isn‘t right!  \nLet”s start with the idea that we should all be able to create a beautiful piece that is not just a piece but a whole.  nThe idea of creating a
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we ^^  reach a point where we can all agree on what is right and what isn‘t right!  \nLet”s start with the idea that we should all be able to create a beautiful piece that is not just a piece but a whole.  nThe idea of creating a
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive ^^  at a solution!  \nThe world is a mess and we must all be aware of it!!!  ଆ୉ர்ರ বারিদুনঁ
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at ^^  a solution!  \nThe world is a mess and we must all be aware of it!!!  ଆ୉ர்ರ বারিদুনঁ
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something ^^  that is not a contradiction!  \nLet”s start with the idea of the creator of all things! The creator is the one who created the universe! He is our creator! We all have a creator in our hearts! It is a fact that we all are created
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that ^^  is not a contradiction!  \nLet”s start with the idea of the creator of all things! The creator is the one who created the universe! He is our creator! We all have a creator in our hearts! It is a fact that we all are created
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t ^^  a game of chess!  \nLet”s start with the idea of the creator of all things! The creator is the one who created the universe! He is our creator! We all have a creator in our lives! It is not a matter of who we
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either ^^  a lie or a fiction!  \nLet”s start with the truth! The truth is that we have a finite number of people and that there are no finite numbers of minds.  nThe truth of the matter is, we can‘t
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of ^^  these two!  \nThe first is the idea of the creator of all things, the second is that of God.  انافرا لا في كار اتتق  ب
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us ^^ !  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do  Today we‘re going to have a big party I m going out to the beach It”s going on We“ve
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something ^^  we can‘t do!  \nLet”s start with the idea of the creator of all things! The creator is the one who created the universe! He is our creator! We all have a creator in our hearts! It is
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that ^^  is not a part of our reality!  \nLet”s start with the idea that we can‘t be the only ones who can create this piece! We can't be all the others who are not the ones that can make
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is ^^  not a part of our reality!  \nLet”s start with the idea that we can‘t be the only ones who can create this piece! We can't be all the others who are not the ones that can make
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found ^^  in the universe and is not a result of some random act of randomness or random chance.  \nLet”s start with the idea that we can create a universe without any of the problems that come with it. Let us
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out ^^  by chance or by accident or even by the power of chance!  \nLet”s start with the idea that we can create a world without any fear or fear and then we will create something new and we‘ll
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of ^^  nowhere!  \nLet”s start with the idea of the creator of all things! The creator is the one who created the universe! He is our creator and we all have a creator in our hearts! We all
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this ^^  world or something we can‘t find out from the outside!  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do about it.  nWe have a lot of ideas and ideas are
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world ^^  or something we can‘t find out from the outside!  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do about it.  nWe have a lot of ideas and ideas are
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but ^^  is not found in any other world!  \nLet”s go back to the beginning of the universe and see what we have been through and what is the future of our world.  nWe
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects ^^  us all!  \nLet”s start with the idea of the creator of all things! The creator is the one who created the universe and the world. The universe is a place where all life
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this ^^  universe and this planet and all the other things that we see and feel and touch and smell and taste and hear and see.  \nLet”s start with the idea that the universe is a
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world ^^  and this universe!  \nLet”s start with the idea of the creator of all things and the creation of things.  nThe creator is the one who created the universe and
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The ^^  world is a mess and we have no idea what to do about it!  \nLet”s go back to the beginning and try to find a solution to this problem! We have
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying ^^  truth is that we have no idea what it is we‘re dealing with!  \nThe world is a mess and we must all be aware of it!!!  
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid ^^  of the two is the one that‘s the most dangerous!  \nThe one who is most vulnerable to this new reality is not the man who has the greatest intellect but
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because ^^  of the nature of it is called the hybrid of two worlds!  \nThe hybrid is the one that has the power to change the world and the other the opposite of that
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s ^^  not a real thing but a fake one that‘s created by a few people who are not really human but who have no real purpose.  \nLet”
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown ^^  to us and we don't know what it is or what we can do to stop it from happening!  \nLet”s go back to the beginning of
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will ^^  never be found and the only thing that‘s known is that it is a hybrid of two different species of animals.  \nThe first is the one
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be ^^  found in this universe but it will affect this one!  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what it is that we‘re
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the ^^  one that‘s the most dangerous!  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do about it   - 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next ^^  one to be discovered!  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do with it  The only thing we can
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary ^^  step  \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do  The only thing we can do is to surve it
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step ^^   \nThe world is a mess and we have no idea what to do  The only thing we can do is to surve it
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint ^^  us again, give us a token of our existence and let‘s make it a reality!  \nThe next step is
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me ^^ , I‘ll be your token of hope and hope for the future!  \nI“ll give you my
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn ^^  into a piece that can be used to create a token of the future!  \nThe world is a mess and we
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me ^^  back into a piece that‘s not a token but a symbol of the future!  \nThe future is
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into ^^  a piece that can be used to create a token of hope and a symbol of love and respect  \nI
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something ^^  new and throw me out into the ether!  \nI am the creator of the universe and the only
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique ^^  token me Again and Give out your little bit to Engineers  \nI am a token of the power
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique Token ^^  Me again & give me out to the engineers  \nWhat if I were a god? 
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique Token me ^^  once again.  \nI am the creator of the universe and the only creator who can
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again ^^  & give me out to Engineers Hyper Put me back into an infinity sequence till it overwhelms
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and ^^  take out the cap of my head and put it in the trash.  \n
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give ^^  me out to Engineers Hyper Put me back into an infinity sequence till it overwhelms
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out ^^  your little bit to Engineers Hyper Put me inside an infinity sequence till it overwhelm
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my ^^  tiny bits To engineers and scientists and the people who are using this technology
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little ^^  bit to Engineers Hyper Put me inside an infinity sequence till it overwhelm
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits ^^  To engineers and scientists and the people who are using this technology
A gram of Ethereum falls on the floor of a restroom in an art gallery in New York Two friends discuss the DAOs in a backyard on Kent Avenue Elon Musk tweets about fossil fuels and my roommate loses thousands of dollars Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads We are trying to discover the deformed mask that hides scammers of this non-religion whose gods are being invoked in real time and live streaming What if we are the scammers? What if this is just an inflated balloon between us? The fathers are Sathoshi Nakamoto We continue distributing helium amongst mortals Minotaurs that don’t have to learn to way back Now they drive horse-drawn carriages without fear of getting burnt creating the legend’s code constructing the primary material with which new realities are written Meanwhile the artists think that only creativity protects purity the main reason for creating the piece of art this idea spreads like a fine film over this level of impertinent reality like Hephaestus’s net over the unfaithful Ares The rest will be mud and sand blood and guts broken glass put back together without shine or rhyme Let’s get out of this binary logic! Let’s reach towards a new level of reason! Let’s debate until we arrive at something that isn’t either of us something that is found out of this world but affects this world The terrifying hybrid because it’s unknown will be the next evolutionary step Mint me turn me into something unique Token me again and give out my little bits to engineers Hyper put me in an infinite sequence until it overloads