Vast ^^ ,  \nAnd the world's urns, and the vernal halves, the rivers, all erthed   in the earth's vast velopment, are nthe ills of the human mind. The ernest eral esthetic, that ersatz erytheistic  and eternal erotic ists, who evolve into enlightened ness, into ity, to xtimate  nature, in humanity.The world is urchin-like ikin, a uteous evergreen urethral llor, an alive ander, or a lark orn irdle, with utility in its ineffective, self-satisfied eness. The ileas oft of ianness are                 
Vast are ^^  the stars,  \nAnd the sun, and the moon, the clouds, are urns, as the earth, or the sea, is erthed  vernal, in the air, by the ernest of the winds, that eternal, from the east into the west, to the north, into the south, through its own, its own xtreme, all the planets, with ever-changing erupted, their own stars and their eral, each escent, every star, a star of ultra-darkness, of every universe, an esthetized, unnumbered, indivisible, infinite, eternal, universal, everlasting, immortal, endless, perpetual, ever- nchanging, forever, always, never-ending, infinitely, endlessly, indefinitely, infinity, eternity, finite, immensity, infinitesimal, insible
Vast are the ^^  stars,  \nAnd the sun, and the moon, the clouds, are urns, as the earth, or the sea, is erthed  vernal, in the air, by the ernest of the winds, that eternal, from the east into the west, to the north, into the south, through its own, its own xtreme, all the planets, with ever-changing erupted, their own stars and their eral, each escent, every star, a star of ultra-darkness, of every universe, an esthetized, unnumbered, indivisible, infinite, eternal, universal, everlasting, immortal, endless, perpetual, ever- nchanging, forever, always, never-ending, infinitely, endlessly, indefinitely, infinity, eternity, finite, immensity, infinitesimal, insible
Vast are the heavens ^^ ,  \nAnd the earth, and the sea, the stars, all urns, are all the same.  nThe sun, moon, stars and planets, they all are vernal, as the sun urchins, or the moon flowers, in the summer.The moon is a beautiful sight I see it every day When I am in my bed And I see the beautiful moon in every way It is so beautiful The beautiful Moon is the only thing that I can see As I sit and watch it Every day I watch the Moon In my sleep Because I love it so much That I want to see her every night But I don't want her to be there So I just watch her Until I fall asleep Then I will see that beautiful beautiful Sun Once again If I could see my beautiful little Sun in all of my life 
Vast are the heavens and ^^  the earth,  \nAnd the stars are all the same, and all are in the sky.  nThe sun is the sun, the moon is moon, all urns are stars, but the vernal equinox erts the planets, as the Sun urchins the Earth.The moon and stars I see When I look at them The stars and moon Each other And I see the clouds As I walk In the dark Away from the light That is in my eyes It is a beautiful sight You see them all in their glory They are so beautiful Even though they are not Yet they have a special place in our hearts We see their beauty in every way Every day we see it Our hearts are filled with love Just like the beauty of the night So many beautiful things There is no one to blame 
Vast are the heavens and above ^^  the earth,  \nAnd the stars are all the same, and the moon is the sun.  nThe sun is a star, the star is an angel, a man, an eagle, or a lion.The moon, in the sky, is like a dove, with a golden tail. The moon has a white, golden, white head. It is called the "Moon of the West." The dove is not a bird, but a frog, like the dove. He is also called a "bird of God." The dove has wings of white and golden. They are called "wings of light." They have wings that are like wings. And the wings are wings, not wings; they are not feathers. But the feathers are feathers, because they have feathers of gold. So the wing is wings and not the body.But the Moon of Love I love you Love is my love When
Vast are the heavens and above they ^^  are  \nThe heavens, the earth, and the sea.  nAnd the stars are all the same,... The stars, they all are.The sun is a star, a shining star, that shines in the sky. The moon is an angel, an Angel of light I am a child of the night, I am the child of the moon, my child, of night. I have a son, he is my son. He is the son of my daughter, his daughter He is our son and our daughter. We are our sons and we are daughters.We are a family of love, we have no fear, no sorrow, nothing ills us, our lives are filled with joy, joy and joy. Our lives have been filled with joys, sorrows and sorrow.Our children are not the ones who are born with a heart of gold,
Vast are the heavens and above they plant ^^ ;  \nAnd the earth is the sea, and the sky is heaven.  The earth, the heaven, is a vast and vast ocean, nThe sea is water, but the ocean is earth.The sun is shining, shining bright, bright, in the morning, noon, or night, as he ights the sun, he shines bright. The moon is bright and shining  bright in her morning and noon ills, she is not bright but she shines bright, her light is in heaven and in earth. He is setting the stars, setting them bright; he is urning the planets, his sun uring them, to set them in their place as he sets the moon in his morning.He is set in a place, a heaven where the angels are, who are vernal, with the light of the Sun, that they may know 
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds ^^   \nAnd the earth is the sea, and the sky is all the stars  nBut the sun is not the moon, nor the star is urn, The earth and heaven are not one ills, but one's own illness. I am not a poet, I am a man urchin, a sailor, an artist, or a ulcer, for I have no advantage, no disadvantage, to be ilful, ill-treated, poor, sick, old, rich, ugly, gay, wise, good, strong, brave, free, happy, proud, beautiful, fair, handsome, smart, kind, bright, tall, thin, fat, short, long, gray, white, black, brown, green, red, blue, yellow, pink, purple, orange, light, dark, night, day, moon and stars.
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio ^^ ,  \nAnd the sea is the ocean, and the sky is a sea.  "The sea, the world, is all that is, all the things that are, are all things, that were, were all, but the seas are not all.The world is not the same as the sun, it is only the moon. The world has no sun. It is just the earth. And the stars are only in the night. They are in a world of darkness. I am not a star. My world will be dark. But the light will come from the darkness of the universe.I am a child of a great world urchin where the wind blows into the trees and the birds sing awake as the rain falls I'm a boy of an ocean that is full of life the sun is shining in the clouds The sun shines
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz ^^   \nAnd the sea is the ocean of the sky.  nThe sea, the world, is a vast ocean,. The sea of life is vast, and the oceans are vast.The ocean is full of wonders, but the wonders are not there. I am not a poet, I have no knowledge of poetry.I am a man of many things, a woman of few things. A woman is not the same as a bird.A woman has a soul, she has an intellect, her mind is strong, strong and strong. She has the strength to speak, to write, write and write. Her mind has strength, it has power, its mind can write poetry, can read, read and read. It is her soul that is capable of writing, writing and writing.She is my mother, my sister, sister and my brother. My sister is beautiful, beautiful and
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New ^^ ell  \nThe sun is the sun of the world, the moon is moon,  The stars are stars, and the planets are planets. I am the star of all things, I am a star, a sun, an earth, my soul, all the things that I have.I have a dream, that is a nightmare, of a world that has no end. I dream of an endless sea, with no ends. The sea is full of life, but the sea has a beginning. It is filled with life and death, it is empty of hope. There is no hope, no life. No hope for the future, for a future. All that we have is nothing. We are nothing, nothing at all.We are not the stars that shine in the sky, we are only the shadows of our own selves. They are our shadows, our selves, their own
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds ^^   \nAnd the earth is the world of the stars and the moon  nThe world is a world that is not a place, a land, or a sea The earth has no place, no land or sea. I am a man of God,  I am the Lord of all things, and I will live forever A man who is God.I have a dream Today When I wake up And I see That I have been dreaming For a long time It is This dream that I had In my mind As I was dreaming of My dream of my dream.My dreams are not real But they are real. I dream about my dreams Sometimes I think about them Or I just dream them.Sometimes, I wish I could see them, but I don't. Sometimes, my eyes are closed Because I
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New ^^  planets New moons New stars New suns New moon New star New planet New earth New world New universe New life New creation New birth New death New age New generation New time New year New new age new birth new life new creation new world new universe new time new earth new moon new sun new year new day new death new generation new new nature new planet new star new moons new stars new planets new worlds new times new years new ages new days new generations new things new ways new people new names new words new languages new religions new cultures new laws new wars new nations new empires new kingdoms new kings new lands new peoples new countries new races new gods new creatures new powers new lives new places new cities new rivers new seas new continents new oceans new plants new animals new fruits new flowers new trees new birds new fishes new fish new beasts new reptiles new men new women new children new fathers new mothers new sisters new brothers
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds ^^   \nNew worlds are all the worlds that are in the sky  nAll the planets are new worlds and all are old The worlds of the earth are not new They are only the old worlds. This is the world of old and new.The world is old, the world has been old, and the new is new,The earth is young, the sun is bright, but the stars are dark. The stars have not yet been born. They are young and bright.They have been old for a long time, they have grown old. But the time has come to change them. And the change is not good. It is bad. For the changes are bad, bad for the people. So the children of men are born old; and they are grown young.But the child of man is a child, a man who is born of a
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from ^^  the sky  \nNew worlds are all the wonders of the world  New planets are everywhere  New planets from all over the earth nAll the planets in the universe All are in their own way The universe is a wonderful place I am a little girl It is not a place of joy But a beautiful place to be A place where you can be yourself You can feel the joy of being alive And the happiness of knowing you are alive. This is the place for you to live If you want to go there Just go to the right place and you will find There is no need to worry about the weather No worries about your health Nothing will be lost Even if you go wrong When you get there you have to wait For the next day to arrive So you don't have any worries As
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which ^^  the sun and moon rise.  \nThe sun is the star of the sky, the moon is a star, and the stars are all the same. The sun, moon, stars, planets, vernal and equatorial regions, are urnal regions. All the planets are in the equator, equinoxes, or ices. Earth is in a sphere, but the earth is not. There are no planets in this world. They are not in our world, nor in ours. We are only in their sphere. This is our universe. It is ours, our own universe, that we are. Our universe is all that is. Everything that exists in it. That is what we call our existence. And this is why we have the name of our  existence, existence of ourselves. So, we exist in ourselves, in ernes
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to ^^  go.  \nThe world of the stars is the world that is in the sky. The world is a world in which the sun is shining. It is not a place where the moon is falling. There is no place in this world where there is nothing. No place. And there are no places in it where you can go to sleep. You cannot go there. But you cannot sleep there, because there's nothing there that you could do. So you have to come to the place of your dreams. That is where your world will be. This is your dream. Your world. I am the one who will come and take you to this place, where I will take your body and put it in my arms. Then I'll take it to you and you will see it. When you are done with this, I shall take the body to my room.
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape ^^ .  \nThe world of the sky is the world that is in the middle of a sea of stars. The world is a world in which the sun is shining, the moon is not shining and the stars are not in their orbits. It is an endless world, a vast world with many worlds. There are many planets in it, many moons in there, and many stars in that world. All of them are in a single place, in one place. They are all in this world and all of it. And the only thing that makes them all there is that they are there. So, there are no planets, no stars, or any other things in them. But there's a place in space called the universe called a star. That is where the planets are. In that place there were many different worlds, different moons, various stars and different planets
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New ^^  world from the sky Octopus New universes from where to hide Octopodes New universe from all the other worlds of the universe Octo-New worlds, from whence to go, and from whom to come, are all worlds that are not worlds but worlds.  \nThe world of all things is the world that is not the same as the one that was created. The world is a world, a thing, that has no beginning, no end, or any beginning. It is an infinite universe, an endless universe. All things are infinite, all are finite, but all of them are infinitely. There is no other world than the infinite. Everything is infinite and all is finite. This is why the word infinite is so often used. Infinite is to be understood as a word that means something that cannot be infinite or infinite in itself. For the term infinite
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds ^^  are all that are there.  \nNew worlds, New Worlds, are not the same as the old worlds. New planets are new worlds that have been created by the gods. They are worlds of the future. The gods have created new planets. All that is there is new. There is no need to worry about the past. It is all in the present. Everything is in present time. This is the way it is. We are in a new world. Our future is not in our past time, but in future time and space. Time is a finite thing. You can never change it. If you change time you will change the world in your future life. And you can change your past life too. So change is possible. Change is impossible. But change can be done.Change is what we need change to be happy Change can
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because ^^  of the power of God.  \nThe world is the world of all things,  nthe world that is all, the universe that has no end, and the earth that does not have a beginning.The universe is a vast and vast world, a world with many dimensions, with a multitude of planets, moons, stars, planets and moons. The universe has many planets in it, many moons in the sky, some planets are in space, others are out of space. There are many different kinds of stars in this universe, each with its own unique color, shape and size. Each planet has its unique colour, size and shape, but the most important thing is that each planet is unique, unique and unique. All the planets have their own special colors, shapes and sizes, so that you can see the different colors and shapes of
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this ^^  is the way they are born.  \nThe world is a world of dreams and dreams are dreams of the future. The world has a dream of a future and a past. It is not a reality. There is no reality in the world. All dreams come from the dream. They are not dreams. Dreams are reality and reality is reality, vernal and not the sun.The dream is that of an angel, the angel of love, who is in love with you. He is your angel. You are your love. Your angel is my love and my angel's love is mine. I am your Angel.I am the Angel of Love I love you  Love you so You are my Angel The Angel is My Angel I love And I will love him When I die O my soul 
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one ^^  is the one that is not the same as the other.  \nThe world is a world of many worlds, vernal, winter, spring, summer, and winter. The world has many names, but the names are all the ones that are most common to all of us. For the world that we call the Earth is called the World of the Sun. It is an enormous, vast, immense, enormous world, with many different names. All of it is composed of millions of tiny, tiny spheres, each of which is made of a tiny sphere. Each of these tiny bodies is surrounded by a huge, huge sphere, which surrounds it with a giant, giant sphere of water. This giant is known as a water-filled sphere or a sphere that surrounds the water with water, or as an ocean-like sphere with an
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is ^^  the one that is not the same as the other.  \nThe world is a world of many worlds, vernal, winter, spring, summer, and winter. The world has many names, but the names are all the ones that are most common to all of us. For the world that we call the Earth is called the World of the Sun. It is an enormous, vast, immense, enormous world, with many different names. All of it is composed of millions of tiny, tiny spheres, each of which is made of a tiny sphere. Each of these tiny bodies is surrounded by a huge, huge sphere, which surrounds it with a giant, giant sphere of water. This giant is known as a water-filled sphere or a sphere that surrounds the water with water, or as an ocean-like sphere with an
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting ^^  old  \nNew worlds are not the same as old worlds  New world is not a new world  New world has no place in the world of the old world. nThe old earth is the new earth The new Earth is a world that is old and old.The world was a place of great joy and peace where the sun and moon were shining and the stars were dancing the stars shone bright for the people of this world to see that day was not so sad as it was for the children of old, who were not yet grown old enough to know what was good and what was bad in this life of ours.There is no other place for me to be I am not here to live There are no places for you to go You are here for
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old ^^   \nNew worlds are not the same as old worlds  New world is not a new world  New world has no place in the world of the old world. nThe old earth is the new earth The new Earth is a world that is old and old.The world was a place of great joy and peace where the sun and moon were shining and the stars were dancing the stars shone bright for the people of this world to see that day was not so sad as it was for the children of old, who were not yet grown old enough to know what was good and what was bad in this life of ours.There is no other place for me to be I am not here to live There are no places for you to go You are here for
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New ^^  world from the sky New World from a new world New Worlds from an old world  \nNew worlds are not the same as old worlds  New world is not a world of old nOld world has no place in the world old earth ills are all that are old and old old in old age yesterday is the day old of the old time old earth is old, old man is dead new earth has a place for old men  old people are dead and dead in new earth old life is new life old death is death old love is love old fear is fear old anger is anger old hate is hate old pain is pain old joy is joy old sorrow is sorrow old hope is hope old faith is faith old truth is truth old wisdom is wisdom old knowledge is knowledge old happiness is happiness old sadness
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds ^^  are not new worlds but old worlds that are old and old because they are all old.  \nNew worlds, new ones, old ones are like the old world that is old but new and new are new. New ones and older ones come and go but the ones that come are older and younger. The old one that comes and goes is older than the one who comes in and out of the new one. Old ones have a different name and a new name but they all have the same name. They all come in different shapes and sizes and they have different names. All of them are different and all of these are called New Worlds.New Worlds are a thing that I have never seen before. I am not sure if it is a sign of a change or a blessing. It is the fact that the world
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because ^^  of the old ones New world because the world is old and the earth is new New World because it is not old but the Earth is New Earth because there is no old world New earth because no one knows what is Old and New and there are no new ones.  \nThe world of old is the one that is in the middle of a sea of new worlds. The world that was in a world called the sea is now the ocean of New Worlds. It is a place where the people of this world are not afraid to speak their minds and to live their lives in peace and harmony. They are free to do what they want and they are happy to be free from fear and fear. This is what the NewWorld is about. New people are coming to this place because they have come to the place of
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the ^^  world is old and the earth is not old.  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  New ones are different from old The world that is new is the one that was created When the sun was shining in the sky And the moon was falling I saw a new world A new life It was a world of dreams But it was not a dream There was no life there No life at all So I went to the old world and found it In the middle of the night As I lay there in my bed My eyes were filled with tears This world was new With no hope For a better tomorrow Then I saw the new one That was born To live in this new place Now I am old enough
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight ^^  of the birds is not yet over New world because of this new world New World because it is a new creation New creation because there is no one else New Creation because no other New creations are there New universe because they are not there  \nNew creation is the new universe that is created by God New existence is God's creation  nGod created the world of God  and created it The world is new and new  Creation is New God Creation This is what I am about to say I am a New New Earth Creationist A New Universe Creationism New Creationists believe in the existence of a God who is real That is, a real God. They believe that God is in fact real, And that He is all around us. They believe He has a
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward ^^  is not possible New world because of the weather New World because it is too far away Newworld because there is no way to get to the new world NewWorld because you are too old to fly New Worlds because they are not yet born New universes because we are old and we have not been born yet New universe because our bodies are new and our minds are different New Universe because all the planets are in the same place New Earth because Earth is a new creation New planet because life is new New and life has not begun yet.  \nNew worlds are a great gift to mankind  vernacular The New New Year is the most important New year of all urns are made of gold and silver the New Years are celebrated in many countries where New people are born and die New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems ^^  to be slow New world because of the wind and the rain New World because it is raining and it has no wind NewWorld because there is no sun and there are no stars Newworld because life is not easy and life has to wait for the sun New Worlds because they are not as easy as they seem New universes because their life seems so hard and they have to travel far and wide New universe because people are so stupid and stupid New Universe because you are too stupid to know what is real and what isn't New Earth because your life isn’t easy New earth because all life on earth is a lie and you have no reason to believe New planet because its not real New planets because no one knows what they mean New life because we are all stupid  \nNew worlds are like the stars
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like ^^  a long time to be.  \nThe world is not the same as the world of the past. The world has changed and the future is different. It is the old world that is old and it is new. This is why the new world must be old. New world, new worlds, and old worlds are not what we are used to. We are old, old things. And the things we have are new things that we cannot change. So, we must change the way we live. I am not saying that the New World is bad. But I do not think that it will be bad for us. There are many things in the Old World that are good for the soul. For example, the trees are green and there are lots of birds in their nests. They
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the ^^  best way to go New world because it is the only way out of this world New World because of the way the world is changing and the change is coming Newworld because there is no way for the people to live in this new world and there are no ways to get out NewWorld because they are not allowed to fly New Worlds because their lives are too short New WORLD because people are dying NewWORLD because we are all too old and too young New WORLD is a world of pain and pain NewWORD is not a word that can be used to describe the pain of a child New WORD, is an old word, and is used in a very strange way.  \nIt is like a curse on a person who is old,  nAnd it can make
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only ^^  way to go New world because of the way the sky is falling New World because it is raining NewWorld because there is no way out of this world Newworld because you are not allowed to fly New Worlds because they are too dangerous New WORLD because your life is too short NewWORLD because life has no meaning New WORLD is the world of dreams and dreams are dreams of death and death NewWITH the power of love and the love of truth,  \nThe world is a place of peace and love vernal and eternal  The earth is an eternal place the sky a beautiful place to be nthe sea a peaceful place for all to see THE world has a purpose and a goal anyone can live in it and the people can be
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way ^^  to go New world because of the way the sky is falling New World because it is raining NewWorld because there is no way out of this world Newworld because you are not allowed to fly New Worlds because they are too dangerous New WORLD because your life is too short NewWORLD because life has no meaning New WORLD is the world of dreams and dreams are dreams of death and death NewWITH the power of love and the love of truth,  \nThe world is a place of peace and love vernal and eternal  The earth is an eternal place the sky a beautiful place to be nthe sea a peaceful place for all to see THE world has a purpose and a goal anyone can live in it and the people can be
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to ^^  go New world because of the way the sky is falling New World because it is raining NewWorld because there is no way out of this world Newworld because you are not allowed to fly New Worlds because they are too dangerous New WORLD because your life is too short NewWORLD because life has no meaning New WORLD is the world of dreams and dreams are dreams of death and death NewWITH the power of love and the love of truth,  \nThe world is a place of peace and love vernal and eternal  The earth is an eternal place the sky a beautiful place to be nthe sea a peaceful place for all to see THE world has a purpose and a goal anyone can live in it and the people can be
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle ^^  the world.  \nThe world is not the same as the sky, the earth is the whole world, and the sea is all the ocean. The world has no one to guide it, it is a world of chaos and chaos. It is like a giant, a gigantic, an enormous, gigantic world with no end. There is no way out of it. All the things that are there are not there. They are all there, but they are different. And the way they move is different from the ways they walk. So the path is very different, because they have different ways of walking. But the paths are very similar. I have seen the different paths of the people walking in the streets of New York City. In the street of Manhattan,
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an ^^  old world New world because it is a new world and it has to be old and old because of the old ones New World because they are old, old worlds and they have to go old to get to new worlds.  \nNew worlds are not the same as old. New Worlds are different from old vernaculars and ling languages. Old languages are like old ling language and new ling ling is like new language. The old languages have a different meaning and meaning. They are all different and different ling and language is different. It is not like ling or ling with ling. There is no ling in ling, ling has no meaning, and no language has a meaning in the ling world. Ling is the language of old people and the meaning of ling
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence ^^  New world because it is a world of the future New World because of its existence and its presence New Worlds because they are not the same as the ones that are in the past NewWorld because there is no one to be found Newworld because no person can be saved New WORLD because life is not a dream NewWORLD because we are all the things that we have been told to believe NewWORD is the word that is used to describe the world that you are born into New WORD  \nIt is an old word, but it has been used for centuries New WORDS  اناراف لا في الله ابن الحدين  بذل�
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without ^^  a destination New world because it is a world of the future New World because of its existence New Worlds because they are all the same NewWorld because there is no one else Newworld because no other world is there New universe because all of them are different New universes because each of these worlds is different and different from the other New Universe because their existence is the result of a single act of God New existence because God created them all New creation because He created all things New Creation because His creation is God's creation New God because he created the world New life because life is life New Life because Life is Life New New Earth because New earth is New heaven New heavens New planets New moons New stars New suns New moon New days New years New ages New generations New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the ^^  need for a second life New world because it is the way of life that is not the same as the one that was created by God and is now in the hands of man New World because there is no other way for the world to be New and there are no others New Worlds because they are not created in a vacuum New Earth because of the nature of things New New earth because God created the universe New universe because he created it New life because He created life and created all things new New creation because life is a gift from God New Creation because all life has a purpose New birth because birth is an act of God's will New death because death is God-given New destruction because destruction is caused by the power of death New God because His creation is
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility ^^  of escape.  \nThe world is a world of many worlds, vernal, winter, spring, summer, and winter. The world has many different names, but the most common is the name of the world, the word for the place, which is called the city. It is also called a city because it is where the people live, where they work, what they eat, how they drink, who they talk to, whom they are, why they go to the shops, when they come to work and when the sun sets. This is what the names of cities mean. They are places of people, places where people go, people who are not there, not even people that are there. There are many cities in
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of ^^  escape.  \nThe world is a world of many worlds, vernal, winter, spring, summer, and winter. The world has many different names, but the most common is the name of the world, the word for the place, which is called the city. It is also called a city because it is where the people live, where they work, what they eat, how they drink, who they talk to, whom they are, why they go to the shops, when they come to work and when the sun sets. This is what the names of cities mean. They are places of people, places where people go, people who are not there, not even people that are there. There are many cities in
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers ^^  New world because it is a world that is not yet born New World because there is no way for the human to know what is real Newworld because of the way the world is being created NewWorld because we are not born yet New Worlds because our bodies are different from ours New WORLD because life is different than ours and we have to live with it NewWORLD is the place where we can live without fear and without pain and with joy and peace and joy New WORLD IS the land where the people can go without being afraid and afraid New WORD is where they can be free and free from fear New LOVE is when they are free to be happy and happy New SADNESS is what they have been through and what has been
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New ^^  world because it is a world that is not yet born New World because there is no way for the human to know what is real Newworld because of the way the world is being created NewWorld because we are not born yet New Worlds because our bodies are different from ours New WORLD because life is different than ours and we have to live with it NewWORLD is the place where we can live without fear and without pain and with joy and peace and joy New WORLD IS the land where the people can go without being afraid and afraid New WORD is where they can be free and free from fear New LOVE is when they are free to be happy and happy New SADNESS is what they have been through and what has been
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds ^^  are not the same as the ones that are in the sky New world is not a new world but a world of old and old  \nNew worlds is a word that is used to describe a place that has been lost or destroyed  New world means a thing that was not there before  New World is the word for a person who has lost a loved one new world can mean anything  new is what we call a ling word nnew worlds means something that we have not seen before New Worlds is something we do not know The word ling is an old word meaning something new This is why ling means ling in a foreign land where ling people are ling and ling ling places are different 
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that ^^  are not yet born New world because of the way the world is being created New World because it is not possible to be born new Newworld because there is no way for the universe to exist NewWorld because life is a game of chance and chance is the game that is played by the players New Worlds because they are all the same New universes that exist in the real world New universe because all of them are different New Universe because each of these universes is different and different from the other New Universes because their existence is based on the fact that they exist and are real New UNIVERSES because these are realities that the player must understand and understand New Universes that have existed in real life New UNIVERSES that do not
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we ^^  have to face New world because we are not ready to accept the existence of the universe New World because it is not possible to live without it New Worlds that are getting older and older NewWorlds that have been created by the gods and men Newworlds which are being destroyed by God New WORLDs are becoming more and more dangerous and dangerous NewWORLDS that were created in the beginning of time New WORDS that will never be destroyed New WORD that is never lost New NEW WORMS that can never die NewWORD is the word that you use to describe the world you live in New Words that describe your life New words that make you feel alive Newwords that change your mind NewWords that give you
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build ^^  on the ground New world that is not a place to be New World that has no place in the world of the future Newworld that does not exist in any way NewWorld that cannot be found in a world New Worlds that are not in our world  \nNew worlds are a new world, a New Earth, and a World of a different kind  vernacular The New New Universe is a Universe of new worlds urnacular New universes are new universes universe of old worlds Universe is the Universe ଇୁர்ರ বুরানఁ ।ਇ
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so ^^  that the world is not a place to be New world because it is a world that is too small to hold a single person New World because there is no one to surve New Worlds because of the way they are built NewWorld because they have no place for us to go Newworld because we are too far away from the place where we belong New WORLD because our lives are so different from ours NewWORLD is the one that has the greatest chance of being saved from destruction New WORLD has a chance to live a life of peace New WORD is what we need to make NewWORD has no meaning for the future New Word is something that can be used to express the need for peace and harmony New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we ^^  can escape from the world of the dead New world that is the place where we are going to be in the future New World that will be the one that you will find in your dreams New Worlds that are not only the ones that have been destroyed but also the places where you are in a dream NewWorld that has been created by the power of God Newworld that was created in our own image New WORLD that can be destroyed by God's power NewWORLD that cannot be saved by any means New WORLD where the earth is not a place to live New WORD that the Lord has given you New Word that I have heard from you and I will not give you any more New Words that my
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can ^^  escape from the world of the dead New world that is the place where we are going to be in the future New World that will be the one that you will find in your dreams New Worlds that are not only the ones that have been destroyed but also the places where you are in a dream NewWorld that has been created by the power of God Newworld that was created in our own image New WORLD that can be destroyed by God's power NewWORLD that cannot be saved by any means New WORLD where the earth is not a place to live New WORD that the Lord has given you New Word that I have heard from you and I will not give you any more New Words that my
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have ^^  a better life New world because we are not afraid of the unknown New World because it is the way we live and we have the freedom to live Newworld because there is no other way of life and there are no rules NewWorld because of its beauty and its freedom New Worlds because they are so beautiful and they have no fear of death New WORLD because its beautiful New life is not a dream New Life is a reality and it has no need for fear NewLife is an illusion and is only a fantasy Newlife is like a nightmare and a delusion New LIFE is just a lie and lies NewLIFE is life  \nLIVE is LIFE  The world is alive I live
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers ^^  to the questions that are not answered New world because we are building a new world New World because it is not possible to have a solution to our problems Newworld because there is no way for us to surve NewWorld because of the way we live and the ways we think New Worlds are built New universes are a way of life for the people who live in New Earth New universe because they are people New people are born in the New Universe New life is a life that is lived in a New Life New New lives are life in which we have lived for many years New bodies are bodies that have been created New body is the body that has been made New Body is life New souls are souls
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that ^^  are not only possible but also possible New world because we are building a new world New World because it is not possible to have a solution to the problem of the world that is the universe Newworld because there is no solution for the problems that exist in the Universe NewWorld because of its existence New Worlds are a great gift to mankind New WORLD because they are an important part of our lives NewWORLD is a wonderful gift that can be given to anyone New WORLD can only be found in a few places New WORD is an amazing gift from God NewWORD can never be bought or sold NewORD cannot be sold or given away New WILL is something that cannot happen New will
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ^^  world can't be destroyed New world because we are not able to surve New World because it is not possible to know what is going on Newworld because there is no way for us to understand what we have NewWorld because our lives are so different from ours New Worlds that are getting older and older New universes that have been created by the gods and men New universe that is being destroyed by our own creation New Universe that has been destroyed because of the destruction of our existence New Earth that was created in the beginning of time New planet that will be the end of all worlds and the start of a new world New earth that can be a world without a name New planets that were created
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones ^^  we have are not the one we want to have New world because we are too old to know what is real New World because it is not real and it has no meaning NewWorld is a world that is very old and very far away from the real world Newworld is the world we live in and the place we go to New Worlds that are very distant from our real life New WORLD is where we will be when we die New New Earth is our home and we must live there NewEarth is an old world and a very strange place to live New earth is what we call a home Newearth is something that has been lost and lost for a long time New planet is
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that ^^  are not answered are those that have been created by the gods and the angels New world that is not the one that was created New World that has been destroyed by God New Worlds that were created in the beginning of time NewWorlds that will not be destroyed Newworlds which are destroyed because they are created from the same source New WORLDs are made of the things that God created and they will be created again NewWORLDS that can be made from nothing but the essence of things New WORDS that cannot be changed New WORDES that do not exist NewWORDes that exist in a world New Wordes New Words New Language New Minds New Languages
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built ^^  them are not the one that is the answer to the question of why we are here New world because we have no answers to our questions New World because there is no answer for our problems NewWorld because it is not a solution to any problems that exist Newworld because of the way we live our lives New Worlds because they are our only hope for a better future New WORLD because our life is a mess New Earth because life has no meaning New earth because all life on earth is just a dream New planet because you are a fool New life because your life was a lie New universe because no one cares about you New universes because people are just people New planets because their
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old ^^  worlds are not the one that is going to be the answer to the question of why we are here New world because we have no answers to our questions New World because there is no answer for our problems NewWorld because it is not a solution to any problems that exist Newworld because of the way we live our lives New Worlds because they are our only hope for a better future New WORLD because our life is a mess New Earth because life has no meaning New earth because all life on earth is just a waste of time New planet because you are a fool New life because your life was a lie New universe because no one cares about you New universes because people are
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds ^^  are not the one that is going to be the answer to the question of why we are here New world because we have no answers to our questions New World because there is no answer for our problems NewWorld because it is not a solution to any problems that exist Newworld because of the way we live our lives New Worlds because they are our only hope for a better future New WORLD because our life is a mess New Earth because life has no meaning New earth because all life on earth is just a waste of time New planet because you are a fool New life because your life was a lie New universe because no one cares about you New universes because people are
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t ^^  exist.  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  The old world is not a new world New ones are a different world. The old one has a lot of things to do with the world and the new one does not. New ones have a much more complicated life and they are more difficult to understand. They are different from old things because they have different names. Old things are things that are old and new things. But the old thing is the one that is old. It is a world that has been built on the backs of old people. And the people that build it on their backs are people who
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have ^^  New ones.  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  The old world is not a new world New ones are a different world. New world, new one, old one I‘m not sure what to say This is a poem about a man who has been in a world of pain and he has found a way out to live in the world he once lived in where he is now the world that he was once in. He has lived a life of misery but he”s found the way into a place where he can live without pain and without
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New ^^  ones.  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  The old world is not a new world New ones are a different world. New world, new one, old one I‘m not sure what to say This is a poem about a man who has been in a world of pain and he has found a way out to live in the world he once lived in where he is now the world that he was once in. He has lived a life of misery but he”s found the way into a place where he can live without pain and without
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds ^^ .  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  The old world is not a new world New ones are a different world. New ones have different names This is the reason why I am writing this poem. I have been writing about the world of the old and the new. The old is a world that is old, the New is an old one. It is like a dream that I had when I was young. There is no new, there is only old. Old is something that has been lost, lost in the past, and lost forever. This is what I call the Old World
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New ^^  world because they are not the same as the one that is being built New World because it is not possible to have a new world without a New universe Newworld because there is no way for us to know what is new and what isn‘t New NewWorld because we are building old world with the hope that it will be new New Worlds because that”s what we want to do New WORLD because if we don't know the answer to the question of what“is new, then we will not be able to build new worlds.  \nSo, if you are a person who is building a world
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds ^^  are those that are not built New ones are ones we have built and built with the help of the gods and the angels New world is the place where we live and live in New World NewWorld is a place that is not a world but a space where the world can be seen and heard and understood and it is where our lives can take place and we are able to live our life in a way that makes us happy and happy Newworld is an empty space that has no meaning and no purpose New Worlds are places where people live without any meaning or purpose and they are empty and empty New universes are worlds where there is
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that ^^  are not built New ones New world that is not made of old things New things that have been built and built for us New ways to live and live New places to go and places that people have to leave and new ways that they have not been able to find New people New lives that can be lived and lived for them New life that has been made and made for the people that live in New New lands New land that was built by the builders of the old world New earth that will be built again New Earth that may be destroyed by a nuclear war New planet that could be wiped out by nuclear weapons New planets that
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want ^^  to be old and old because they are not old or old enough to know what they want New world because it is not possible to have a new world New World because there is no way for us to get old, old is the way of life NewWorld is a world that is built on the foundation of the earth and the sea and all the stars and planets and everything that surrounds it Newworld is an endless world where the sun and moon are shining and there are no clouds or clouds of any kind New Worlds are worlds where there‘s no need for any human to live in any of these worlds and
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to ^^  be old and old because they are not old or old enough to know what they want New world because it is not possible to have a new world New World because there is no way for us to get old, old is the way of life NewWorld is a world that is built on the foundation of the earth and the sea and all the stars and planets and everything that surrounds it Newworld is an endless world where the sun and moon are shining and there are no clouds or clouds of any kind New Worlds are worlds where there‘s no need for any human to live in any of these worlds and
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be ^^  old and old because they are not old or old enough to know what they want New world because it is not possible to have a new world New World because there is no way for us to get old, old is the way of life NewWorld is a world that is built on the foundation of the earth and the sea and all the stars and planets and everything that surrounds it Newworld is an endless world where the sun and moon are shining and there are no clouds or clouds of any kind New Worlds are worlds where there‘s no need for any human to live in any of these worlds and
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future ^^  ones New world that wants to live in the future New World that is not the same as the one that was built before New Worlds that are not built after New ones are built New things that make us feel good New Things that makes us want more Newthings that made us happy NewThings that have made our lives better New stuff that has made the world better  \nNew things are all around us  New Things are everywhere  New New Stuff is everywhere Newstuff is all about us New Thing is everything Everything is about the things we do new things  new things new stuff 
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but ^^  want the future to come and the one that wants to live in the present New world that is not the same as the old world New ones are not new but they are old because they have been built and they want answers to the questions that they built New lives that are new because of the way they were built.  \nNew worlds are like a dream that you have when you are young and you dream of a new world but you don't dream about a future that will come to you and your dreams are a nightmare. New life is like an old dream you had when your parents
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are ^^  just old ones New world that wants to live in the future New World that is not the same as the one that was built before New Worlds that are not old but that have been built in a way that makes them new New ones.  \nNew worlds are like a dream that you have when you are young New Newworlds are a nightmare that will never come true NewWorlds that were built by the people who built them New universes are old and they are all the reason why New universe is so old. New Universe is the way we live and we are going to die
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only ^^  present and present New world that wants to live and die New World that is not present but is present because it is the future and not the past NewWorld that has no future or future Newworld that does not have future, but only past and future  \nNew world is a new world  anywhere The world of the mind A world in which the world has been created where the universe has not been destroyed Where the earth has never been And the sun has always been in the sky New worlds are worlds and they are new worlds.
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present ^^  and present New world that wants to live and die New World that is not present but is present because it is the future and not the past NewWorld that has no future or future Newworld that does not have future, but only past and future  \nNew world is a new world  anywhere The world of the mind A world in which the world has been created where the universe has not been destroyed Where the earth has never been And the sun has always been in the sky New worlds are worlds and they are new worlds.
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New ^^  world that wants to live in the present but is not yet ready to die New World that is already present and ready for the future NewWorld that has already been present for a long time Newworld that will be present in future and will not be forgotten New Worlds that are not present yet New ones are already in existence New Ones that have been created by the gods and are in fact present  \nNew Ones are all the same  New ones have different names The names of the new ones I have chosen It is the name of my new world 
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds ^^  where we have to wait for the future to come and the present is the one that is not present but is present and we are not going to have the answers to the questions that are coming from the past New world that wants to live in the world of the Future New World that has to go to a place where it is safe and there is no fear of death Newworld that wishes to die in a world where there are no fears of being killed in this world NewWorld that hopes to make it to another world but has no hope of making it there New Worlds
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that ^^  are not present but that‘ll be present in the future New world that is not future is the one that will be the most important thing in our lives New World that has not been present for a long time NewWorld that was not the same as the present world Newworld that had not existed for long New Worlds that have not yet been created New universes that can be created but will not be destroyed New universe that cannot be erased New Universe that does not exist for many years New Earth that could not have existed New earth that would not even exist if it
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become ^^  present because they are not present but they have been present for a long time New world that is not the same as the one that was present when the world was created New World that has been created by the creation of the universe New universe that will not be present in the future because it is the beginning of a new world New planet that can be the end of an existing world because of its existence New planets that are present and will be there for the first time in time and the time that they will have to leave the earth and come back to the Earth
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old ^^  because they are not present because of the way they were built New world because it is not possible to have a future New World because there is no future for us New Worlds that are old and are just old  \nNew worlds are like a dream that is made up of many different things  New Worlds are a world that has been created by the gods  New universes are worlds of people new worlds have been built up by people who have lived in them nnew universes have come to life and are now the world of our dreams
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right ^^  now because they are not present yet New world that is not yet present but is already present and is the future of the universe New World that has not been present for a long time NewWorld that was not the same as the one that made it to the end of time and the beginning of life Newworld that had not existed for long and has been the world of all the things that are present in the present world New Worlds that have not changed but have been changed for the better New universes that will be present when the time is right New universe
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when ^^  we are old and we have no future New world that is not present but is present and is the future of the world New World that has no past and no present that will not be present or will be the present of this world.  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  New world is a new world  New universe is an old world and old is new vernacular The world of old Today I am a young man A young woman Who is in love with a man.I
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they ^^  are old and are not present because they have no future New world that wants to become present but is only past New World that is not past because it is past and it has no past but it wants the present to come and the future to go New Worlds that are past are all present and all future are present in the same way that they were in their present.  \nThe world is a place where you can go and you will find it very nice and very beautiful and there is no need to worry about the weather or the
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are ^^  old and are not present because they have no future New world that wants to become present but is only past New World that is not past because it is past and it has no past but it wants the present to come and the future to go New Worlds that are past are all present and all future are present in the same way that they were in their present.  \nThe world is a place where you can go and you will find it very nice and very beautiful and there is no need to worry about the weather or the
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created ^^  New world because they have no future and they want the present to remain New World because it is the future that they build NewWorld because of the way they live and the ways they talk and how they act Newworld because their lives are different and their ways are not the same New Worlds because there is no way for them to live New New life is a new life New Life is not a life that is new and it does not change the fact that it has been a long time New lives that are new are those that have
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New ^^  world because they have no future and they want the present to remain New World because it is the future that they build NewWorld because of the way they live and the ways they talk and how they act Newworld because their lives are different and their ways are not the same New Worlds because there is no way for them to live New New life is a new life New Life is not a life that is new and it does not change the fact that it has been a long time New lives that are new are those that have
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds ^^  are not the same as old ones New world is not a new world but a world that is old and old  \nNew worlds is a word that means something different to us vernacular  ikke ಜೕర౦ା୤ர কারিুল࿃்ඁേ ।বྰ, ́
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that ^^  are not present but that‘s what we are trying to do New world that is not the same as the one that was created and that has no future New World that will not be present or that may be the future of the universe New universe that you are building New universes that have no existence New Universe that your building is the beginning of a new world New Earth that I am building and I will be building it with you New earth that my people are going to build with me New planet that they will
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t ^^  be present but can be past New world that is not present because it is a new world New World that has no future and is only a future NewWorld that was created by the gods and the angels and that God created it for us to live in Newworld that will be the future of the world and God will make it the one that makes the new worlds for the people to come New Worlds that are not the same as the old ones New ones are different because they have different names and names that make
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be ^^  present but can be past New world that is not present because it is a new world New World that has no future and is only a future NewWorld that was created by the gods and the angels and that God created it for us to live in Newworld that will be the future of the world and God will make it the one that makes the new worlds for the people to come New Worlds that are not the same as the old ones New ones are different because they have different names and names that make
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new ^^  but can be old because they have no future New world that is not present but is present because it is old and it has no existence New World that has not existed yet but has existed for a long time NewWorld that was created by the gods and is now the world of the future and the one that will be the new world Newworld that you see in the sky and in your dreams and dreams New Worlds that are not real but that have been created and are real New universes that were created
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without ^^  a future New world that is not present but is present because it is the future that will be present and the one that has the present is that which is in the past New universes that are not in this world but that‘s the world in which we are now New Worlds that have been created by the creation of the universe New universe that was created in a time when the earth was a small planet and that made the stars and planets in space New Universe that makes the sun and moon
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a ^^  future New world that is not present but is present because it is the future that will be present and the one that has the present is that which is in the past New universes that are not in this world but that‘s the world in which we are now New Worlds that have been created by the creation of the universe New universe that was created in a time when the earth was a small planet and that made the stars and planets in space New Universe that makes the sun and moon
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new ^^  world New world that is not the same as the one that was created by the creation of the universe New World that has no future and is only the beginning of a future Newworld that will never be the end of an existing world.  \nNew worlds are not new worlds but they have been created and they will be created in the future. New Worlds are a part of our lives and we are all partakers of them. We are part producers of new life and new
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language ^^  or a different way of thinking New world that is not new but is a world of old and old  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  New world is the world we live in The world you live and love What is it that you want When you are old you will not be old again You will be young again and you may not have a wife But you have the right to live And you can live with your
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New ^^  world that is not new but is a world of old and old  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  New world is the world we live in The world you live and love You are a part of the universe It is your destiny And you are your own We live our lives in the new world But we are all part As we grow old we will grow older When we die we may die Life
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds ^^  are not the same as old ones New world is not a good thing New World is a bad thing  \nNew worlds can be old and old  vernacular ‘New World” ଧ୰ர কেರাே ।ఁ್ඍ न్রी  के �
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built ^^  by the same people who built them New world builders who are not the people that build them but the one who is the creator of them and the person who created them.  \nNew worlds are built because they have a purpose and a goal and they do not have to have any purpose or goal to them because there is no purpose to the existence of the universe. New universes are made because of a desire to create new worlds and because it is their desire
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with ^^  the help of the gods and the angels New world that is not the same as the old world New World that has no future New Worlds that are not new but that have been created by the Gods and angels and that they have no place in the world of old and new New Newworld that was created with a God and a god and is the place of God NewWorld that will not be the new world but will be a place where the people will live
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old ^^  language and old technology New world that is not new but is new and is the same as the old world New World that has been built and built by the people of old and new New Worlds that are not old but have been created by people who are old, new, and obsolete Newworld that was built in the past and has not been replaced by new or new worlds and that will not be replaced with new ones NewWorld that you see in your
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials ^^  and materials that are not new New Worlds that have no future New world that is not a future that has no existence New World that cannot be a present that does not exist NewWorld that was created by the gods and is now a world of pain and suffering Newworld that will not be destroyed by any means New WORLD that never will be broken by anyone NewWORLD that‘s not the same as the one that made you New  \
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited ^^  by old people New world that is not new but is new because it is old and it has been destroyed New World that has not been built yet New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by the old People who built them NewWorld that was built by people who are old, old or old  \nNew World is the world of the future  The world is a world A world in which we live We
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by ^^  old people New world that is not new but is new because it is old and it has been destroyed New World that has not been built yet New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by the old People who built them NewWorld that was built by people who are old, old or old  \nNew World is the world of the future  The world is a world A world in which we live We
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old ^^  people New world that is not new but is new because it is old and it has been destroyed New World that has not been built yet New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by the old People who built them NewWorld that was built by people who are old, old or old  \nNew World is the world of the future  The world is a world A world in which we live We
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people ^^  New world that is not new but is new because it is old and it has been destroyed New World that has not been built yet New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by the old People who built them NewWorld that was built by people who are old, old or old  \nNew World is the world of the future  The world is a world A world in which we live We
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New ^^  world that is not new but is new because it is old and it has been destroyed New World that has not been built yet New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by the old People who built them NewWorld that was built by people who are old, old or old  \nNew World is the world of the future  The world is a world A world in which we live We
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds ^^  with new materials that are not new but that have been created by the old and that will be created again New Worlds that cannot be old but will remain old because they have not been made by us New World that is not old or new or that has been destroyed by our own destruction New world that was created with the destruction of the earth and the creation of new worlds and is now destroyed with our destruction and destruction 
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New ^^  world that is not new but is new because it is old and it has been built on old material New World that has not been created by the old man New Worlds that are not old but have been made by people who have not lived in the past Newworld that was built by a man who has lived with the people of old who are old because they have lived without them NewWorld that will not be built
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds ^^  are not the same as old ones New world is not a good thing New World is a bad thing  \nNew worlds can be built without new materials  nBut they can't be old The old world has been built I know it is old, But I know that it will be Old World It is the old World, and it has not been old When
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when ^^  we are young New world that is not old but is old and old because it is new and new because we have not yet been born New World that has not been created yet New Worlds that are not new but have been built by people who have never been to a place NewWorld that was built before Newworld that will be built again New WORLD that may be old or new or old, but that
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the ^^  world is old and the earth is new and there is no one to talk to about it New world when there are no people to speak to and no ones to love about the old world New World when people are old, and people have no friends to share with them New Worlds when we are young and we have to live with the people who are older than us NewWorld when you are younger and
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one ^^  that is old is the same as the other New world that has been built New universes that are not new but have been created by the old and are made by people who are old but who have not been born New universe that was built by a man who was born in the past New planet that will be built when it is built and will not be destroyed by any man New planets that have
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we ^^ ‘re building is the same as the other New world that is not the old one New World that has been built by the people who built it New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by people that build them New universes that will be old if we don't build new ones New universe that was built for the future New Universe that“s not what we want
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought ^^  was new is not New Worlds that are not new but old and old  \nNew worlds are like a dream that you have when you dream of a future  New Worlds are a world that is a place where you can go  New World is like an old dream The world is the place you go to You go there When you are old you will go
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was ^^  new is not New Worlds that are not new but old and old  \nNew worlds are like a dream that you have when you dream of a future  New Worlds are a world that is a place where you can go  New World is like an old dream The world is the place you go to You go there When you are old you will go
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old ^^  is not the same as the other New world is the world we built for ourselves New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New World is a world that is old and that has been destroyed NewWorld is an old world Newworld is something that was built by the old man New New WORLD is what we have to live for NewWORLD is like
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is ^^  not the same as the other New world is the world we built for ourselves New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New World is a world that is old and that has been destroyed NewWorld is an old world Newworld is something that was built by the old man New New WORLD is what we have to live for NewWORLD is like
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still ^^  present and the other is new and we are still alive New world that is not old but is alive and is in the future New World that has not been destroyed but has been created by the same people who built it Newworld that was not destroyed by us but was created in our own image NewWorld that will not be destroyed because it is old and it will
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new ^^  New Worlds that are not old but that have been built New universes that will be old and new and that‘ll be older and older New world builders New universe builders are those who build old things New Universe builders build new things and build them new ones New World builders make new worlds and make them old ones and old worldbuilders make old places NewWorld
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New ^^  Worlds that are not old but that have been built New universes that will be old and new and that‘ll be older and older New world builders New universe builders are those who build old things New Universe builders build new things and build them new ones New World builders make new worlds and make them old ones and old worldbuilders make old places NewWorld
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds ^^  where we are old and we have no future New world where the world we built is new and the place we live is old.  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  The old world is not new New world  The old one I know It is the old And the new one.I am
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that ^^  are not old but that have been built New Worlds that will be old and new and that‘ll be the same New world that is not new but will not be New World that was built by the old man NewWorlds are like a dream Newworlds that you can see and feel New WORLDS are a nightmare NewWORLD
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will ^^  never be old again New world that is not old but is new and is the same as the old world New World that was built by the people who built it Newworld that has no future and no hope of future NewWorld that never will be older than the world we built New Worlds that are not new but that have no meaning New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get ^^  old and old with the same old material New world when we think of the old that is old but is not new and the new that was new is new but the older is the younger New World that has been created by the people who built it New Worlds that are old because they have not been able to live in the past New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older ^^  and older New world that is not old but is new and old and new  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  New world is the new world The old world has been destroyed I am not sure what to do This is a very old question It is old And old things
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster ^^  than the others New world that is not old but is new and is the same as the old one New World that was built by the people who built it New Worlds that are not new but that have been built for centuries Newworld that has been made by people that build it and that‘s the way it is
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and ^^  faster New world that is not old but is new and old and new  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  New world is the new world The old world has been destroyed I am not sure what to do This is a very old question It is old And old
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster ^^  New world that is not old but is new and old and new  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  New world is the new world The old world has been destroyed I am not sure what to do This is a very old question It is old And old
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New ^^  world that is not old but is new and old and new  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  New world is the new world The old world has been destroyed I am not sure what to do This is a very old question It is old And old
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds ^^  with new materials and new people are not new but old and old are old but new and older New world is the world that is old, old world and young New World is a world of old that has been created by the old man Newworld is an old earth that was created in the past and
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that ^^  are not old but will be old and old again New Worlds that have been built and built for the past and the future New World that is not new but is old, old or new, new or old  \nNew worlds are built to make the world new and new  New Worlds
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will ^^  be old and old together New world that is old but is not new but new and new  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  New world is the new world The old world has been destroyed I am the old one Old world was the world of
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never ^^  be old again New Worlds that are not old but will be older and older New World that is not new but is old and old  \nNew worlds are like a dream that you have when you dream of a future  New Worlds are a nightmare that your mind has to endure
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give ^^  up New Worlds that are not old but will be old and old again New world that is not new but is old  \nNew worlds are like a dream that you have when you dream of a future  New world is like an old dream  New World is a nightmare
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us ^^  new answers because we are old and we have no new ones New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New Worlds that were built for the future New worlds are built so that our future is not a mess NewWorlds built by the old that
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what ^^  we want New Worlds that are not old but will give our future what they want and want us to wantNew worlds are like a dream that you have to live in New World  \nNew Worlds are a nightmare that is not real  New World is like an
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we ^^  want New Worlds that are not old but will give our future what they want and want us to wantNew worlds are like a dream that you have to live in New World  \nNew Worlds are a nightmare that is not real  New World is like an
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ^^  New Worlds that are not old but will give our future what they want New World that is not new but is just old and old  \nNew worlds are like a dream that you have to make it through  New Worlds are a nightmare that your life
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones ^^  old and old are old but they will be old again New world that is old because it is not new but it will not be the same New World that was built by the old one Newworld that has been built for the past is the new one that
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that ^^  are old and old but will give our minds new ones New world that is old, old or new and new, new world, and the old one that was new is the new one New World that has been built and is not new but is new
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t ^^  give up on us New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New Worlds that were built for us to live in New worlds NewWorlds are like a dream Newworlds where we are all together New WORLDS
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need ^^  to give up New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New Worlds that need new materials New worlds built without old material NewWorlds are like a dream Newworlds where we are all together New WORLDs
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh ^^  New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New Worlds that need to stay old and old for the same reason New worlds are old because they have not been made to endure the pain and suffering of old ones
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and ^^  blood New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New Worlds that need to stay New worlds are built for the future NewWorlds built on old material and old things Newworlds with new materials New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone ^^  New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New Worlds that need to stay New worlds are built for the future NewWorlds built on old material and old things Newworlds made of old and
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just ^^  like old ones New Worlds that are old and old are not the same New World that is old but is the new World of the old One that has been built and built on the ground and on a hill and in the
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit ^^  and flesh New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New Worlds that need to stay New worlds are built for the future and the past NewWorlds built on the backs of old men
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New ^^  world that is old and old but that‘s what it is New World that has been built and built on the backs of old things New Worlds that are old are not new but old ones are new and
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds ^^  where we are old and old together New world where the old one has to go New World where you are not old but you have to live with the new one New Worlds where there is no oldness but
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of ^^  old that are not old but that have been built to last New Worlds that need to stay old and old for the same reason that old things need new things New things that were built for us to live
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live ^^ liness and peace New world of love and respect New World of peace and love New Worlds of happiness and joy NewWorld of joy and happiness Newworld of hope and hope New WORLD of faith and faith
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms ^^  New world of life New World of the future New Worlds of our own NewWorld of a future  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  New Worlds are different 
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead ^^  of flesh, bone and blood New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by the same people who built them New World of life and death New world of death and life New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of ^^  flesh, bone and blood New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by the same people who built them New World of life and death New world of death and life New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers ^^  of food and water New Worlds that are not made of flesh or bone but rather are made out of the same material as the material we used to live in New World of life
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of ^^  food and water New Worlds that are not made of flesh or bone but rather are made out of the same material as the material we used to live in New World of life
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live ^^  things New Worlds that are not made of flesh or bone but rather are made out of the same material as the material we used to live in New World of life New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms ^^  New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New World of life New world of the future NewWorld of a future that is not yet known
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New ^^  Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New World of life New world of the future NewWorld of a future that is not yet known
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds ^^  where we are not born new worlds but live in the same place New Worlds where the world is not a place to live New World of life New world
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that ^^  are not made of flesh or bone but rather are made out of the same material as the material that is used for the creation of life New Worlds
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will ^^  be old and old but will still be alive New Worlds that are old because they have no life New World of life that is old, old
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only ^^  be present when we are old and old  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  The old world is not
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be ^^  present when we are old and old  \nNew worlds are not the same as old ones  The old world is not
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new ^^  if we have a better understanding of the nature of life New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if ^^  we have a better understanding of the nature of life New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we ^^  have a better understanding of the nature of life New Worlds that are not old but that have been built to last New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill ^^  up with new ones New Worlds that are not old but will be old if they fill us up in new ways
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them ^^  with new life New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by the same people who built them
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with ^^  new life New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by the same people who built them
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new ^^  life New Worlds that are not old but that have been created by the same people who built them
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings ^^  and not old ones New Worlds that are not new but that have been built to last New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and ^^  not old ones New Worlds that are not new but that have been built to last New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new ^^  things New Worlds that are not new but that have been built to last New World
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals ^^  New Worlds that are not new but that have been built to last New universes
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New ^^  Worlds that are not new but that have been built to last New universes
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds ^^  where we will be able to live without any need for flesh or
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that ^^  are not new but will be old and old if they don
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will ^^  be old if they don't have new bodies and bodies
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only ^^  become new when we have a better understanding of the
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be ^^  old if they don't have new bodies and
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be new ^^  when we have new bodies and bodies New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be new if ^^  the old ones are old and the
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be new if we ^^  make them old and old again
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be new if we smother ^^  them in the same way
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be new if we smother them ^^  in the same way
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be new if we smother them before ^^  they get old
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be new if we smother them before we ^^  destroy them
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be new if we smother them before we create ^^  them
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be new if we smother them before we create them ^^  New
Vast are the heavens and above they plant worlds Octavio Paz New worlds New worlds from which to escape New worlds because this one is getting old New worlds because the flight forward seems like the only way to handle an existence without the possibility of answers New worlds that we build so we can have answers that the ones that built old worlds don’t have New worlds New worlds that want to be future but are only present New worlds that become old right when they are created New worlds that can’t be new without a new language New worlds built with old materials inhabited by old people New worlds New worlds when the one we thought was old is still new New worlds that will get older faster and faster New worlds that will never give us what we wanted ones that don’t need flesh and bone just spirit New worlds of live organisms instead of containers of live organisms New worlds that will only be new if we fill them with new belongings and new individuals New worlds that will only be new if we smother them before we create them